dyncheck.com Dynamic AV checker
Dynamic runtime antivirus checker is:
an innovative and fully automated online service, that provides runtime execution checks on 11 different antivirus systems and Windows OS. It helps you to get real situation with all types of detection by antivirus systems 12 of your files and run complex execution tests on different Windows OS versions to check workability.
This is the opportunity to execute your files and check for dynamic AV detections on real system with almost all major Antivirus (Internet Security) engines.
This is the opportunity to check your files for AV detections on real system without files execution.
This is the opportunity to execute your files and make a test on workability of them on real system with almost all major Windows OS versions.
This is the opportunity to execute your files and check them for Antivirus cloud engines on real system with internet access enabled, and get real status of detection.
It means that your samples will be not sent to any Antivirus laboratory because we block this activity. Thus your files will be fully secure.
We provide an advanced API to operate checking and testing process from 3thd party apps.
We provide a set of options to be customized like internet connection customization, changing execution timeout, saving DebugView logs from test machines and changing Zone:Identifier of your files. dyncheck.com report example Set of Features
Very informative reports with status of detection, detection type, timeout and screenshots of desktop and detections. You will be able to share them with everyone or save to JPG or PNG file.
AV Check & OS Test customization
You will be able to select type of scan you need, select only Antiviruses or OS you need at current time or select them all. You can change exection timeout, internet configuration and other things.
Powerful history & events
With our history of scans you will be able to see all history of your checks and their status at any time you need. Events history can show you every action you made in service for all time: payments, checks, plans
dyncheck.com environment features Test machines Features
We fully pass Pafish tests using own technologies and know-how when running test machines. Thus, it can't be detected by any anti-VM tricks.
We use a set of common software like WinRar, Notepad, Microsoft Office, Adobe Reader, Java, Chrome, Firefox and etc on test machines like any user system has.
Different file types in different folders are available on test machines, like pdf, doc, xls, jpg, png, zip and etc as any user system has.
This scan type can help you to check if your files are detected dynamically by antivirus (or Internet Security) solutions while executed by all detection types.
This scan type can help you to test workability of your files on almost all desktop versions of OS Windows.
We make our best to make reports really smart and usable. You will be able to see current status of detection type for every AV engine and even see screenshot of antivirus detection.
Our service is able to check different file types: .exe, .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .pdf, .js, .jse, .vbs and .hta.
Our service is able to send notifications to you when any event is done. For instance, notifications about funding of account, ending of check or ending of plan.
Proactive & Memory Detections
Our service is able to show even memory and proactive AV detections. So you will be able to see all alerts and warnings from antivirus vendors while testing your files.
Our system takes care about antivirus bases update automatically. Automatic update starts in safe mode and it does not interrup current checks.
Our system takes care of your security and anonymity while you check your files. And surely your files will not be sent anywhere and be secure.
Feel free to select daily, weekly, monthly, VIP or per container plans. They available from personal cabinet. Weekly, monthly and VIP plans have additional abilities.
The architecture of our service lets us to add unlimited numbers of backend servers.
You can automatically fund your account via BTC merchant. Your balance will be charged automatically after 1 network confirmation. Our system can inform you when payment will be done.
The architecture of our service let you too see every screenshot from every test machine while executing your files. By single clicking on screenshot or detect preview in report you will be able to see fullscreen picture of select screenshot.
11.5$ per check (0.5 per av)
Daily 40 prepaid AV Checks. Cost: 49$ Show features...
Weekly 100 prepaid AV Checks. Cost: 179$ Internet Access Configuration Execution Timeout Configuration DebugView Logging Zone:Identifier Change
Monthly 500 prepaid AV Checks. Cost: 499$ Internet Access Configuration Execution Timeout Configuration DebugView Logging Zone:Identifier Change
Monthly VIP. Unlimited AV Checks. Cost: 999$ Internet Access Configuration Execution Timeout Configuration DebugView Logging Zone:Identifier Change
Current AV's & Win OS systems are available:
360 Total Security AVG Anti-Virus Business Edition AhnLab V3 Light Avast Internet Security Avira Internet Security BitDefender Total Security BullGuard Internet Security Comodo Internet Security DrWeb Total Security Emsisoft Internet Security Eset Smart Security F-Secure Internet Security Fortinet Smart Security Kaspersky Internet Security Malwarebytes Anti-Malware McAfee Endpoint Protection Norton Internet Security Panda Internet Security Sophos Anti-Virus Symantec Endpoint Security 12 Symantec Endpoint Security 14 Trend Micro Internet Security Windows Defender Windows 10 Pro x32 Windows 10 Pro x64 Windows 7 Pro x32 Windows 7 Pro x64 Windows 7 Ultimate x32 Windows 7 Ultimate x64 Windows 8 Core x32 Windows 8 Core x64 Windows XP SP3 x32
Do you want to be our partner distributor?
We at dyncheck.com would like to invite you to become a Partner Distributor of our service. The major advantages for our Partner Distributors are: dyncheck's loyal pricing leaves room for higher margins for the distributor (above 30%) Full cooperation and support from dyncheck. It varies depending upon our agreement type Limited number of partner distributors. If you are interested in becoming a partner distributor of dyncheck service, please write to us and we will shortly get in touch with you.
