Delivery time depends on destination and other factors, it may takes up to 20 businessdays.
1.We offer 30 working days return guarantee for the items we sell. If you are not satisfied with the item, you can
returnit within 30 working days for a replacement or money back, please contact us before you return it.
We will reply your email within 1 working day(except the weekends and public holidays).
If there is a problem with the item or delivery then please do not hesitate to contact us before leaving negative feedback
as we would love the opportunity to make things right.
We will always offer excellent quality items and excellent service for every valued customers.
Hope you can leave us positive feedback and 5 star DSR (detailed sellerratings), which is really important to us.
Thanks for your business.
Abeeco Supabee for Men with Horny Goat Weed - 270 caps (3 months supply)
Combines New Zealand Bee Pollen for increased energy levels and Horny Goat Weed to support testosterone levels. The addition of Zinc and Siberian Ginseng promotes overall stamina, endurance and well-being.
. Supports a healthy libido
Horny Goat Weed is a traditional medicine used from China and Japan to support libido and sexual enhancement. This herb, known as Epimedium (which also goes by the name Inyokaku, Herba Epimedii and Yin Yang Huo) is thought to be one of natures most powerful herbal aphrodisiacs. Men and women have found that taking Horny Goat Weed can stimulate sexual activity. It can also increase sperm production and stimulate the sensory nerves. Horny Goat Weed does not work immediately like Viagra (for example). Horny Goat Weed is a 'tonic-type' herbal supplement, not a stimulant. In other words, the effects will be noticed over time. Consistent and regular use brings about and maintains erectile rigidity.
Adults: Take 3 capsules daily or as professionally recommended. For best results, use daily.
Seek professional advice if suffering from a medical condition. Keep out of reach of children.
FREE DELIVERY WORLDWIDE - excluding Indonesia, Italy and Brazil. Please send a message if you would like to pay for your order to be sent by tracked courier.
Abeeco has been a trusted NZ brand for over 20 years. The search for the finest natural ingredients takes us to the most remote and undiscovered parts of New Zealand and the quality and purity of these raw ingredients are the heart of all our products. We are the only authorised supplier of abeeco products on eBay. All legitimate products will be posted from NZ.
Specification: Color: Black Suitable For: For Poulan Weed Eater ET17, ETM17, Featherlite, Featherlite Plus, Featherlite SST, FL20, FL20C, FL21, FL23, PP13, WildThing, XT200, XT25 and YM600 Models; Also Fits Other Brands Produced by Husqvarna that Require this Part (Sears Craftsman, AYP, Poulan, Poulan Pro, Weed Eater etc.).
Features: For Poulan Weed Eater Part 952701666. Tap N Go IV. 5/16'' RH Thread. Fine workmanship. Long service life. Fine abrasion performance.
NEW Shiseido d program balance care emulsion R I (quasi-drug) 100mL Japan
I ship to Worldwide. I ship only to the address registered your Paypal account.
Items AE2are usually shipped within 5 business days of payment verification except for Pre-order item.
I can do combine shipping, please ask me the cost if you hope.
EMS Registered SAL Delivery Time 4-7 days 15-30 days Tracking Number Yes Yes Insured Yes Yes
Asia North America Oceania Middle East Europe Russia South America Africa EMS
Description: 100% Brand New and High Quality Material:Seagrass Color:as shown Size:12x16x15cm Type:Flower Basket Shape:Round Use:Home Clothes Storage/Flower Baskets Note:
2.Please be reminded that due to lighting effects and monitor's brightness/contrast settings etc, the color tone of the photo and the actual item could be slightly different
Cigarette Holder Mini Totacco Weed Waterfilter Smoking Metal Tube Pipe Dry Herb
Product Description Portalbe, Convenience, Healthy, Fashon Gifts, You can try juice or cola besides inject water.
Take down the smoke pot or the elbow piece by adding 1/2 can of pure water or white wine in the body 2.360-degree bend to any point of use, handling free and easy to carry Package include: 1 X 1 Pcs Cigarette Holder Payment
Before you pay, please Confirm your address in ebay that matching
To USA, about 10-15 working days by epacket;
To UK, AU, about 30-35 days; To the other countries ,about 35-45 days .
you get it and let us know if it is what you ordered.
Your feedback is very important for us.
If no, let us know the reason,we must try our best to improve our service. We expect you back to the store again ! Thanks very much !
Any problem or dissatisfaction, please feel free to contact us by follows:
1You can directly contact with our working Mail
We will respond within 48 hours on business days(except the weekends and holidays in China)
Silicone Butterfly Lace Fondant Cake Mould Baking Fence Grass Key Chocolate Mold
Description: 100% Brand New and Hight Quality. These are perfect for decorating cake, fondant, paste and so on. A great tool for you to make them easier. Flexible for easy removal,innovative design,soft,ever-changing style. Materials:Silicone
Specification: Material: Food Grade Silicone Color: Random Rating of temperature: -40 to 210
2. The eBay members must fulfill the requirement. (PayPal verified and confirmed address; the account holder must be the receiver).
4. Our price does not include Duties, Value Added Taxes, Customs Clearance Fees and other charges.These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be before bidding/buying.
5. Buyer needs to pay for the above fees in case that occurred for certain goods. If the parcel returns back to us due to the buyer refuse to pay those fees, we would not send the parcel again unless the buyer completes those fees and pay all the return and resend cost. Buyer can not cancel the order or request refund due to this reason.
Countries Shipping Ways Shipping Timeframe United States ePacket ( > $5 ) Usually arrives within 7 to 15 days Post Air Mail (<$5 ) Usually arrives within 11 to 25days United Kingdom Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Australia Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Russia ePacket Usually arrives within 7 to 15 days Canada and Europe Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Other Countries Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 15 to 45 days
3.If you need the item urgently,please contact us about extra shipping cost for Express Shipping,like FedEx,DHL,UPS,just take 5-8days.
4.We are not responsible for wrong or undelivered address. We only accept PayPal verified and confirmed address.
5.Please make sure your shipping address is correct and deliverable. If you need to change your address, please change it in PayPal first before you pay.
1.If item is defective and not working on arrival, please contact us within 7 days of receiving the defective for repair or refund.Refund will only be provided for products damaged in the post or which is defective. Item may be returned within 14 days of purchase upon your receipt.All items returned must contain all original packaging materials.
3.All returns must have prior authorization. Please note that we will not accept any returns that have not been authorized by us. Please contact us before you return the item.
4.Buyer is responsible for the return postage. If you ask for a refund during valid period, we will offer you a refund without postage charges. Shipping and handling charges, insurance are not refundable in any case. We are only responsible for once re-sending expense for replacement due to defects.
1.We try to make sure you have a pleasant shopping experience with us, customers satisfaction is always our priority.
2.If there is any dissatisfaction, please email us before leaving any 1 or 2 ratings, negative feedback or open any ebay or paypal dispute. We will try our best to resolve the issues. Please give us the opportunity to resolve any problem. (PS. you may contact us by 'Ask a question'.)
Portable Metal Pipe Weed Tobacco Smoking Pipes Gift Mill Smoke Narguile Weed
Product Description 100% brand new and high quality Material:Metal Color:Shown as pic Diameter:1.5cm/0.6in Length:8.5cm/3.3in
Package includes: 1 x Smoking Pipes
NOTE: The size is just for reference, there maybe exist a measurement error of 1-2mm, please check whether it fits your size before you buy it. Please note that slight color difference should be acceptable due to the light and screen ShippingWe sent by Singapore Post air mail. It shall take about 18-25 business days to arrive. depends on where you located. E t delivery day carries by different countries.
It might goes more than 25days sometimes, if you can't get 25days ,
PaymentWe accept payment through Paypal. If you don't have Paypal account, please register at www.paypal.com Payment should be completed within 7 days after auction ended. Please indicate your eBay ID and item NO. when you pay. If you'd like to pay for your item later than 7 days please inform us first. About usYour comment is very importan in our business success, if you are satisfied with the purchase and our service,
Anything can be resolved through communication, thank you! Tt is computer display or other reasons, if the color look a little different in kind.
we wish that buyers can understand that we would try our best to do the deal, thank you! Return Policy We accept returns, but it pays postage. If a product has anything wrong,
we hope you can contact us first . We pay great attention to every customer.
