Contact usWe strive for 100% positive feedback, so will try our best to complete every transaction completely. We are very appreciated that you keep us in touch about any problem,
we can settle the case by refund or replacement. We leave buyers positive feedbacks as soon as the order get paid,
Please help us continue to provide you with good quality and low price items by giving us "perfect 5 STAR" feedbacks.
Title Formulation Variables of Transdermal Drug Delivery Systems Author Vinod Singh, Athar Javed, Mamta Singh Format Paperback Year
Publisher Lap Lambert Academic Publishing Dimensions 9 in. x 6 in. About Us Grand Eagle Retail is the ideal place for all your shopping needs! With fast shipping, low prices, friendly service and over 1,000,000 in stock items - you're bound to find what you want, at a price you'll love!
Categories BABY BOOKS ELECTRONICS FASHION GAMES HEALTH & BEAUTY HOME, GARDEN & PETS MOVIES MUSIC SPORTS & OUTDOORS TOYS
Material: Plant 4 Colors; Green, Pink, Red, Yellow Product Type: Bonsai Style: Annual Variety: Herb Plant Type: Blooming Plant Soil: Loose, Loam Soil with Humus Climate: Subtropical Full-blossom Period: Summer, Autumn Occasion: Home, Garden, Indoor, Outdoor, etc. 3 Quantities For Choosing: 10pcs/Bag, 20pcs/Bag, 50pcs/Bag Package Content: 1 x Bag Seeds Note: Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Thank you!
Type: Aquatic Plants Style: Perennial Applicable Constellation: Virgo Flowerpot: Excluded Function: Beautifying Location: Living Room Full-bloom Period: None Cultivating Difficulty Degree: Very Easy Model Number: potted plant Variety: water grass Product Type: bonsai Plant bonsai tree Type: Garden Ornaments / decor plant Product: Garden Flowers Seeds Variety: Planta/Plante for Home Garden Use: Balcony Yard Courtyard Patio Terrace planta: Exotic seeds Product Description Packaging Details: 500 PCS SEEDS
Return You can return a product for up to 30 days from the date you purchased it. Any product you return must be in the same condition you received it and in the original packaging. Please keep the receipt.
Payment We accept payment by any of the following methods: PayPal Please pay as soon as possible after winning an auction, as that will allow us to post your item to you sooner!
Feedback Customer satisfaction is very important to us. If you have any problem with your order, please contact us and we will do our best to make you satisfied.
Please visit our eBay store to check out other items for sale! Thank you for shopping at our store.
Description: Features: 100% Brand new and high quality Beautiful artificiallotusplant Provide you good visual effect Harmless to your fish Ideal for the fish tank or aquarium decoration Specification: Material: plastic Color:As the pic shows Size:approx. 6 5 14cm
1. Please allow a little size error due to manual measurement.
Package included: 1 x Artificial Lotus Leaves Plant SKU:G01516 Preview:
Material: Plastic Color: Retro Rose Size: Squid Length: 69cm Weight: 17g Quantity: 1 Bouquet Of Flowers 1 cm 0.3937 " Precautions:
Artificial Aquatic Lawn Water Green Grass Plant Aquarium Tank Landscape durable
Welcom to our store : newworld-2010
Made from premium, durable plastic, suitable both in salt and fresh water.
Absolutely safe for fish, they won't die, rot or cause any algae problems.
Style: 1 2 (please select)
Dimension: 25 25 3.5cm / 9.84 9.84 1.37 inch (Approx)
Color: Green (As Picture Show)
2,Please allow slight manual measurement deviation for the data.
For USA Buyer: ship from USA warehouse . Fast delivery (2-5 days);
For Other Buyer : ship from China Warehouse. 2-3 weeks delivery.
Payment We accept PayPal only. We will ship out the item after receiving cleared payment. Shipping A complete and correct shipping address is essential. Customers with shipping addresses outside of the U.S. are responsible for all duties and import taxes. Please contact your customs for information Return Policy All items are in brand new condition unless specified. FDA declaration: The sale of this item may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and state and local regulatory agencies. If so, do not bid on this item unless you are an authorized purchaser.If the item is subject to FDA regulation, we will verify your status as an authorized purchaser of this item before shipping of the item.All of our products are CE approved. Please kindly check the copy of the certificate in the listing below. Contact Us Any questions, please contact us through eBay message or e-mail, We will reply within 1-2 business days (public holidays not included). working time: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 5:30PM (Beijing) Seller Name: Christine Geng
Horny Goat Weed 20% Extract Vegan 500mg Capsules
Mucuna Prurien Extract 50% L-Dopa
Our Horny Goat Weed Blend contains a high potency standardized extracts of widely used aphrodisiac herbs and is lab tested for potency and purity. The extraction process is modified so as to retain the maximum efficacy of all the herbs
Auto spool feed dual line system In line edging wheels allows neat edges Telescopic shaft adjusts to user's height and posture Cable management for tidiness 6M Cable length
Go to fixed price products : Click!
Features Containing enriched nutrition including fresh fruits extracts. Use Air Pocket Pulp Sheet : hypoallergenic and eco-friendly Ingredients Water, Glycerine, Alcohol, Propylene glycol, Hydroxyethyl cellulose, Carbomer, Disodium EDTA, Allantoin, PEG-60 Hydrogenated castor oil, Methyl paraben, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Fragrance, Sodium Hyaluronate,
SEA WEED Skin Seaweed mask rich in minerals you need pack a large amount of wa-ter is supplied to the dry skin elasticity and incre-ase oxygen to the skin cells, dark and dull skin to life giving vitality and radiance of a healthy grant will restore the skin.
RETURN POLICY We carefully inspect the item before shipment. In case you found a defect on the purchase, We will exchange or refund it The return item must be in the original(Unused & Same Package) , resaleable form and all accessories included must be returned as well If you are not satisfied, simply contact us and return the item within 14days after you receive it (We will refund your money without the shipping fee )
If you have any question or complain , just contact us freely
One Love rasta Judah flag reggae retro weed pot applique iron-on patch 2030 Description
For Free shipping I accept ONLY PayPal for payment. The payment is expected within 5 days after the auction ends.
Free Shipping Handling WORLDWIDE. The package will be shipped directly from Thailand via Standard Small package Airmail, No tracking number, and it will take about 11-23 business days.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee: If you are not satisfied with the product you purchased for any reason, please contact us for a return instruction within 30 days for a refund. Shipping Handling costs are not refundable. Return shipping cost will be paid by buyer.
Please contact us by ebay message only.
100pcs Ornamental Grass Seeds Blue Fescue Beautiful Perennial Grass Garden Decor
2.If you are satisfied, please do leave us a positive feedback and 5-star.
Dimensions Weight 17.2 Oz Width 6 In. Length 9 In.
Contributors Edited by Hak-Kim Chan, Philip Chi Lip Kwok
Table Of Content Foreword Chapter 1 : Inhaled proteins and peptides. Chapter 2 : Inhaled insulin: More compelling than ever. Chapter 3 : Inhaled therapeutic siRNA for the treatment of respiratory diseases. Chapter 4 : New molecules to treat asthma and COPD. Chapter 5 : Inhaled anti-cancer agents. Chapter 6 : Inhaled countermeasures for respiratory tract viruses. Chapter 7 : Pulmonary delivery of antibiotics for respiratory infections. Chapter 8 : Inhaled liposomes. Chapter 9 : Inhaled traditional Chinese medicine for respiratory diseases. Chapter 10 : Bronchoprovocation tests for evaluation of drug efficacy in asthma.
Features: Made of qualified material, it is safe to use. Easy to use, create a micro landscape with this glass powder. 30g grass powder can tiling 20 20 cm Square Area. Used for sandbox model material, garden scene decoration. Also can be used for making turf, tree model, scene accessories materials.
Descriptions: Great garden DIY accessories for home decoration. There are 6 colors available for your choice.
Specifications: Net: 30g Material: Grass Powder 30g grass powder can tiling 20 20 cm Square Area Color: dark green, green, light green, white, fluorescent green, brown
Package included: 1 x Artificial Grass Powder
2.Due to the manual measurement and different measurement methods, please allow 1-3cm deviation.Thanks!
Features - Replacement spool is compatible with most for BLACKDECKER string trimmers including: GH400, GH500, GH600, GH610, GH900, GH912, ST6600, ST7000, ST7700, CST1000, CST1200, CST2000, MTC220, MTE912, NST2018, NST1118, NST2118, LST220, LST300, LST400, LST420, LST136 - Premium 30-foot,0.065 inch replacement line - Auto feed system replacement spool eliminates time spent on hand-winding string trimmers
Package includes: 1/4/6/10 x 30-foot trimmer line 1 x Replacement spool cap cover 1 x Spring
2.Items will be shipped within 1-3 business day when we received payment.
Filtered Water Smoke Smoking Shisha Hookah Weed Herb Cigar Filter Holder Pipe Product Description Brand new and high quality The products can effectively reduce the oil content of cigarettes, purification of harmful substances, the nicotine in cigarettes, etc. Can effectively filter acid carbon and other harmful substances, more effective mitigation of smoking-induced sputum, shortness of breath and other symptoms, significantly reduce soot on teeth Easy to carry and use
Material: Copper Package Size: 170 50mm Color: Bronze
Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges. Delivery details Shipping Terms: We only ship to the confirmed address provided by PayPal. Before you pay, please make sure your address in PayPal matches the address you would like us to ship to.
The shipping time during Holiday Season (Christmas, Chinese New Year etc) could be longer than usual time. Please add another 5-10 days as a delay.
Please Note that size and color representation are subject to manufacturing variance and may not be e t. Also note that monitor settings may vary from computer to computer and may distort actual colors. Please read these terms thoroughly before placing your bid.
In case you received a wrong item, Items must be returned in its original and unused condition & must also be in its original box and packing.
We do not allow refunds or exchanges because of change of mind. Please read all description provided as a guide before you bid. While every step has been taken to ensure that we ship out correct item, there will be occasion when you receive items that are different from the description. In such case, we ask that you contact us immediately so we may remedy the situation. Your satisfaction is important to us and we value your business.
If you have any problems, we are very glad to help you. We rare handling large volume emails every day. Please allow us to reply your email within 24hrs.(not include Public holiday)
