Carp Fishing Rigs: - Simulation seaweed, increase covertness and more attractive for targets. - 304 stainless steel rolling swivel, flexible rotation, not easy to wind around the fishing line. - Braided line, big tension, wearable. - Sturdy attachment, easily ties onto your fishing mainline for immediate use. - Quick and easy rig changes are a necessary part of carp angling today.
Boilie Stopper: - Effectively prevent the bait from falling from the line and hold the bait firmly in the place. - Easy to get through the hair loop and strong anti snap construction. - Suitable for boilies floating fishing, pellets, meat, corn or virtually any bait you want to hair rig.
Product Features They work great for scrapbooking,hair bows,Woven Headbands,gift packaging, wedding favors, candles, jewelry. Quality Fabric ribbon can be used on clothing, sewing, Trimmings, hairpiece, corsage and much more.
Shipping Policy Payment Method Returns Policy Items will be shipped out within 1 business days after receiving cleared payment.
The parcel will be shipped through Airmail, it usually takes about 2-3 weeks for European, Canada and Australian customers. (The tracking number isn't available to flat shipping.)For the other countries, the shipping time might be one week longer. Please contact me if the parcel is not delivered on time.
100% brand new and high quality Color:as picture Ball: 6MM Length: 1.6 16 6 8 1.6 16 Weight:25g Material:316L stainless steel
Package includes: 3pcs Tongue Ring Payment: Shipping: Feedback: Contact us: We accept payment through Paypal ONLY. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal. Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
Women's letters printed black briefs panties underwear. Soft and breathable fabric, comfortable to wear. Care Instructions: Hand wash in cold water, line dry, no bleach and iron. Warm Tip: In the general case, item information will be kept secret, product will be shipped discreetly with no direct description of the item on the outside of the packaging, so you needn't worry about such personal privacy will be exposed. If you have any question about our product, please contact us, we will response you within 24 hours. Size Chart:
The tag of the clothes you received is marked as Asian size. Asian size runs smaller than EU/US/UK/AU size, please check the detail size information before purchasing. If your measurement is floating between two sizes, advise choosing the larger size. (Measurements shown in the size chart refer to item measurements, not body.)
S 24.5" / 62cm 10.0" / 26cm
M 26.0" / 66cm 10.5" / 27cm
Friendly Tips: The size is manual measurement, please allow minor error of measurement. Photo color might be a little different from the actual product due to color display of different monitors.
PRODUCT IMAGES Please click the picture if you want to enlarge. item imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem imageitem image PAYMENT & SHIPPING Shipping will be handled within 24 hours once your payment been confirmed.
We are committed to provide best shopping experience on eBay.Your FIVE STAR Rating is the best encouragement to us. If you have any questions, simply let us know through "MY MESSAGES" or "Ask Seller Q". Customer service is our top priority.If you are not satisfied, Please, do not leave neutral or negative feedback first. we are always prepared to offer our best service for you.so please contact us first so we can help you solve any problems in the proper way. Thank you and have a nice shopping day! Copyright (c) poshking5. All Right Reserved
1. Odorless, harmless, no pollution to water quality.
2. Simulated effect makes it look beautiful.
3. Can be used as fish tank decoration, add natural vitality to the fish tank.
5. Convenient, durable; easy to clean, never fade.
Notes: Due to the light and screen setting difference, the color of the item may be slightly different from the pictures. Please allow slight dimension difference due to different manual measurement.
Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
If you have bought multiple items from me, you can send me one payment for all the items instead of paying for them individually. When you click the Pay Now button, eBay will automatically determine if there are other items you have won or purchased from me and will combine them for your review.
If item is defective after 3 months, you can still send it back to us. We will send you a new one after receiving the defective item. But you have to pay the extra shipping fee.
Policies We are not responsible for any custom duty or import tax.
We will leave POSITIVE FEEDBACK after receiving the payment. Please contact us if you are not satisfied with the item after receive it.
All messages will be answered within 1 business day. If you do not receive our reply, please kindly re-sent your message and we will reply to you as soon as possible.
If you have any problems or concerns whatever with your order or products, please message us and give us a chance to assist you before you leave any feedback. We believe we can produce a positive outcome to any situation and will work hard to earn your praise. If you were pleased with this transaction, Please give us 5 star rating, thanks!
Items will be shipped within 1 business day on payment received.
Delivery time depends on destination and other factors, it may takes up to 20 business days.
Contact Us Our office hours are 9:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m (GMT 8) of Monday to Saturday. And our Office is closed on Sunday and public holidays. We apologize for the late reply during the holidays.
Easy to use and durable
Product Size: 11.2 2.1 2.3CM
Put desired amount of tobacco in crease between rollers
Close lever, then use thumbs to turn roller downward several times.
Lay in paper between roller and lever, and make sure gummed side is facing you.
At this point moisten paper with tongue and use thumbs again to turn roller downward several times.
Open lever and enjoy your favorite smoke.
Size: height 31.1 width 5.0cmMain Material: PCPower system: alternating currentWarranty: 12 monthsAccessories: bristles catch blow brushPower Cord Length: 1.7mBody weight (kg): 0.3
Y early in the morning, recommended for those who use in the middle of the night, firmly capture the hair until the noise suppression type Y bristles, bristles catch blow brush / ! Specification Color !: Blue power: AC100V (50/60 Hz) power: 700 W (dry time) size (approximately): maximum diameter 5 length 31.1Cm (bristles catch blow brush is installed) weight (approximately): 300 g (bristles catch blow brush when mounted) power cord length (approximately): 1.7m accessories: bristles catch blow brush / Shipping
This arrival to you in to time in the time it is is different. This is because there is a possibility to be stopped at customs. It is not known to me.I will respond in good faith. Please contact me to do so products do not open a case without arrival.
About us Our Products are 100% Authentic. I promise to pack up the product very carefully. If you have any question,please contact me. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative feedback without asking for help. Our aim is to provide Top Level Customer Service, normally so we will try our best to solve any problem you have. Happy Bidding!!
International Buyers - Please Note: ;Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges.These charges are the buyer's responsibility. ;Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying. ;These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges. ;We do not mark merchandise values below value - US and International government regulations prohibit such behavior.
That due to lighting effects, monitor's brightness / contrast settings etc, there could be some slight differences in the color tone of the pictures and the actual item! Thanks for your kindly understand.
Picture doesn't show the real size, please check the size Before you biding. Any problems, welcome to contact us. Thank you!
We will send item to you by air mail.You should expected the parcel will be arrive within 20-25 business days.It depends on your e t location. hope you will wait for item Patiently!
If you are not happy, I'm not happy! Your satisfaction is our happiness! If you have any questions and have not receive the items, feel free to contact us first before leave indifferent feedback or 1-3 star good feedback and open Case. we will do our best to solve it. Anything can be resolved through communication, Your comment is very important in our business success,If you are satisfied with our total service, please take a minute to give us a 5 star positive feedback.
Description: Colombo Pond Care Algisin 25000L DE 2500ml
Details: 60512 Colombo Algisin Blanket Weed Destroyer Algisin is a powerful and reliable blanket weed treatment. After use blanket weed will start to disappear within a few days. Within 14 days the pond will be free of blanket weed. The enzymatic effect of Algisin prevents the development of nutrients required for algae growth. The remains of the algae can easily be removed with a fine net. 1,000 ml treats 10,000 litres of water. EAN 8715897190230 Brand Colombo Material 100% Mixed Country/Region of Manufacture United States Main Colour Standard Edition Dog Size Fish
We accept the payment of Paypal.
After the end of the auction please pay within 5 days.
Why do I recommend EMS?
Other Import duties taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer s responsibility Please check with your country s customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges
Material: iron plastic Size(approx.): Small square hook: 75 65 105cm/29.52 25.59 41.33in Weight: 0.115kg Medium square hook: 135 60 130cm/53.14 23.62 51.18in Weight: 0.164kg Big square hook: 197 60 160 cm/77.55 23.62 62.99in Weight: 0.222kg Small round hook: 70 40 110cm/27.55 15.74 43.3in Weight: 0.164kg Large round hook: 110 40 140cm/43.3 15.74 55.11in Weight: 0.164kg
2.Please make sure you have a valid/confirmed PayPal account prior bidding. All PayPal Payments must be
1. We ship to your eBay address Only,Please check your shipping address carefully before
be shipped within 3 days.
3.Tax is buyer's duty ,it is not included in our buy it now price
a.Standard shipping about 7-18 days ;
time abut 15-40 days ,
Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, East Europe, South America, which will take 30-45 days),Economy
Service Shipping time about 18-45 days;Parcel value over USD30.00 we will add tracking number
usual time. Please add another 5-10 days as a delay.
received & returning the item as the same condition as received.
2.Please contact us to request a return authorization. Your name, auction number, and reason for
return should be included in the email. All items returned must contain all original packaging materials.
1.We are wholesale seller on ebay ,welcome your inquiry from ebay!!
3.All Mails will be replied within 48 hours ,except weekend.
4.If you are dissatisfied for any reason, please contact us before leaving feedback,we do our
best give a satisfied solution.
Color:Green Make your fish tank look natural and beautiful. Provide natural resting and hiding places for your smaller fish and invertebrates. Material: plastic (safety grade , no harmful to your fish) Size : 25 25 3.5cm (L W H) Consist of 100 samll grass ,delicated designed and manufactured ,creat beautiful scenery in your fish tank Includes : 1 Aquarium Landscape Note:Light shooting and different displays may cause the color of the item in the picture a little different from the real thing.The measurement allowed error is /-1-3 cm.
1.We only accept payment via PayPal, other payment is not acceptable.
2.If you don't have PayPal account, please register through before you bid our items.
3.Please make sure your shipping address is the same of your ebay address before you pay. We will not be responsible for such a case if you change you shipping address as we have shipped your items out.
2,All items are available for shipping within 1-2 business days after receiving the payment. Please be aware that weekends are not business days.
4.We are unable to take any responsibility for any custom delay or tax, Reason is because transit time is highly depended and provided by postal Service( Except weekends and holidays.)
1.If you have not satisfied when you received the item, please return it within 30 days for a replacement or money back. Please contact me before you return it.
2.All returned items MUST BE in the original packaging with all components and accessories included, And you MUST provide us the return shipping information The shipment or the tracking number).
3.Returen shipping fee is to be paid by the buyers. We will not responsible for any custom duty or import tax.
1.Defective items MUST BE reported and returned to us within the warranty period (and in the original packaging, if possible). You must tell us what the defect is and give us your eBay ID. WE DO NOT REPAIR OR REPLACE ITEMS WITH AN EXPIRED WARRANTY.
2.For a free copy of the warranty, please message to us.
Cerebral Stroke: Pathaphysiology and It's Management with Herbal Drugs by Kundan Bora ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New DESCRIPTION This book has been written specially for postgraduate students of pharmacology and medical sciences. This book will help the researchers in the area of searching various targets for the management of cerebral stroke. As it is well known that stroke is the world's second leading cause of mortality, and considered the most common cause of disability in adults. The book contains eleven different major headings such as Introduction, Prevalence/ mortality, Symptoms and risk factors, Types of stroke, Pathophysiology of cerebral stroke, Current clinical applications, Antioxidants/herbal drugs and cerebral ischemia, Herbal drugs, Important plants/phytoconstituents used in cerebral stroke, Summary and conclusion and Bibliography. Author has tried to cover the entire spectrum of cerebral stroke, and up-to-date information on molecular mechanisms of cerebral stroke and its management with special reference to herbal drugs with latest references.
Title Cerebral Stroke: Pathaphysiology and It's Management with Herbal Drugs Author Kundan Bora Format Paperback Year
Publisher LAP Lambert Academic Publishing Dimensions 6 in. x 0.2 in. x 9 in. About Us Grand Eagle Retail is the ideal place for all your shopping needs! With fast shipping, low prices, friendly service and over 1,000,000 in stock items - you're bound to find what you want, at a price you'll love!
Shipping & Delivery Times Shipping is FREE to any address in USA.
NOTE: We are unable to offer combined shipping for multiple items purchased. This is because our items are shipped from different locations.
Returns If you wish to return an item, please consult our Returns Policy as below:
Please contact Customer Services and request "Return Authorisation" before you send your item back to us. Unauthorised returns will not be accepted.
Returns must be postmarked within 4 business days of authorisation and must be in resellable condition.
Additional Questions If you have any questions please feel free to Contact Us.
Product Identifiers ISBN-10 3639715136 ISBN-13 9783639715132 eBay Product ID (ePID) 246217313
Additional Details Illustrated Yes
Dimensions Weight 4.2 Oz Height 0.2 In. Width 6 In. Length 9 In.
Target Audience Group Trade
Maca Extract Horny Goat Weed Catuaba Tongkat Ali Ginseng Tribulus Arginine Serving Size-500 mg Exp-March 2020
Assay with HPLC / Titration / Gravimetry, Residual Solvent Analysis with GC-HS, Heavy Metal Testing with AAS, Microbiology Analysis, Impurity Profiling and Stability testing.
1. We ship the product within 48 hours of receipt of payment through PayPal.
2. The item will be shipped from our warehouse located at New Delhi, India through India Post only.
3. We use Registered Airmail facility that provides a tracking number. (It is available after 3 days from the date of purchase).
Please consider the below mentioned shipping duration before you purchase from us. If you need the product urgently, please Choose expedite shipping During chekout will shipped by DHL express.
USA 48 States, UK, Japan, Singapore: 16 to 18 days USA AK, PR, HI, Guam: 30 to 35 days Russia: 20 to 27 days Australia: 30 to 35 days Israel: 30 to 32 days Croatia: 27 to 30 days Spain, Poland, Netherlands: 20 to 22 days Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand: 20 to 22 days Ireland: 22 to 25 days UK Northern Ireland and British Isles: 30 to 32 days Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Bulgaria, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, Romania: 27 to 30 days Bosnia & Herzegovina, Estonia, Azerbaijan, Armenia: 30 to 35 days.
Please judge our shipping duration on how fast we have dispatched your order. The dispatch date is at the bottom of the IndiaPost shipping receipt on the package.
Thank You and Have a Pleasant Day
Customer satisfaction is our first priority. In the unlikely case that there is a problem with your purchase, please contact us prior to leaving feedback so that we can improve the situation. When you are satisfied with our product, please leave us a positive feedback. THANK YOU.
The lowest price and estimated delivery time are estimated to USA. Other areas may need more time. There is a possibility that there are products for which a shipping cost table is not applied. Please check with shipping & payment. If the item is broken or not arrived, I will request a survey request. Please cooperate.
Town & Country Professional - Weed & Seed Gloves. Mens FREE DELIVERY TO AUSTRALIA All orders are dispatched Free of Charge via Royal Mail Priority Airmail. Please check your estimated delivery date at checkout for an accurate arrival date.
5-10 working days from date of dispatch.
100 DAY RETURNS This product is covered by our 100 Day Returns Policy.
12 MONTH WARRANTY This product is Brand New and includes a 12 Month Warranty.
1.Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
2.We ship to ebay's address only. Please make sure your address in EBAY is matched with your shipping address before you pay.
3. TOTAL AMOUNT DUE includes the final auction price plus S&H (Shipping and Handling).
PLEASE NOTE: S&H DOES NOT INCLUDE DUTIES, LOCATL TAXES OR ANY OTHER IMPORTATION FEES. Delivery details
3. Items are shipped from using Airmail reach most of the countries within 10 to 20 business days usually.
Order more than $100,usually will be sent by EMS or DHL(takes 5-10 business days) If you have any questions,and want order be sent by fast way,please just feel free to contact us by ebay message,we will calculate the shipping charge for you soon.Thank you!
Working Days (not including holiday)
Working Days Saturday Sunday
Please obtain the RMA number & returned address for any return items.
We will replace items which are malfunctioning, for 30 days from the date you received.
Description: Feature: 100% brand new Made of high quality metal Easy to use and durable Material: Metal Nylon Product Size: 11.2 2.1 2.3CM How To Use Open lever toward body. Put desired amount of tobacco in crease between rollers Close lever, then use thumbs to turn roller downward several times. Lay in paper between roller and lever, and make sure gummed side is facing you. At this point moisten paper with tongue and use thumbs again to turn roller downward several times. Open lever and enjoy your favorite smoke. Package Includes: 1 x Tobacco Roller
Description Easily grown in average, dry to medium, well-drained soils in full sun. Drought tolerant. Does well in poor, dry soils. New growth tends to emerge late in the spring. Plants are easily grown from seed, but are somewhat slow to establish and may take 2-3 years to produce flowers. Mature plants may freely self-seed in the landscape if seed pods are not removed prior to splitting open. Butterfly weed does not transplant well due to its deep taproot, and is probably best left undisturbed once established. How to sow: Season: Perennial Sowing: April to August Height: 60 - 80 cm Environment: Sun Water: Dry to Medium Others: Attractive to Butterflies
FREE SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEE!!
Re-Ment Miniature Japan Sumikko Gurashi Drug Store Set
-- Full set from NO.1 to NO.8
--100% brand new, never playing with, all boxes and plastic bags never open.
--Size : 1 - 2 inches approx.
--Released Date : April, 2018
"e-packet" is a newly electronic postal service (EC-Ship system) provided by Hong Kong Post and is integrated with eBay ordering system.
--FREE Shipping and Handling Fee to Worldwide.
--EMS are optional. Please ask for e t fee.
--Replacement ONLY for wrong item sent and manufacturer defects / damages. --For valid replacement, please email me first within 7 days with required photos. Required photos should show clearly the whole and complete things of the item, for example, the original box, plastic bags, blister card and all contents. --Returned items must have all original packaging and accessories. --Returned items must be returned in "unused condition". --Returning items will also require the buyer to pay the return shipping fee. The cost of return shipping fee is NOT refundable. --After the item arrive my address, a correct / replaced item will be sent to you within 3 days --If you have any problems when you received the parcel, please contact us by e-mail or "Via ASK Seller A Question" before posting us any feedback. We will do everything in our power to remedy the problem as quickly as possible. OTHERS:
--If you have any enquiries, please feel free to contact us, we will reply you quickly ^ ^
Knowledge on Health Effects of Drug Abuse by Evelyn Mandela Angogo, Andrew Otieno ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New Author Biography Evelyn Mandela Angogo is a Lecturer at Great Lakes University of Kisumu, Kenya in the faculty of Community Health and Development (TICH). She holds a Master of Community Health and Development and is currently a Doctorate student in the field of Community Health and Development. She is active in research and Community Health activities.
Title Knowledge on Health Effects of Drug Abuse Author Evelyn Mandela Angogo, Andrew Otieno Format Paperback Year
Car mini refrigerator is a specifically for people who need to carry out the design of insulin;
Beautifully compact body,easy to carry;
Refrigeration humidity control range:28
1.We only accept payment by Paypal.
3.Great appreciate for prompt payment. Unpaid item will be filed without receiving payment in 7 days after listing ended.
2.A complete and correct shipping address is essential.
3.Generally, delivery time is 15-25 business days,
if you still not received your item, please contact us, we will try our best to help you.
1.we accept returns, contact us within 14days from delivery date and we will give you a full refund or exchange.
2.Only unused,undamaged and original condition item can be qualified for a return.
The sale of this item may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and state and local regulatory agencies .If the item is subject to FDA regulation, we will verify your status as an authorized purchaser of this item before shipping of the item.All of our products are CE approved. Please kindly check the copy of the certificate in the listing below.
Please contact us before leave Negetive feedback, we will try our best to help you.
1.Please allow 1-3mm errors due to manual measurement.
2.Due to the difference between different monitors,
3.Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
4.We ship to your eBay or Paypal address. Please make sure your eBay and Paypal address is correct before you pay.
1.All item are shipped via China Post Economy(without Tracking) Service within 48 hours .
2.Before delivery the items should full payment is settled.
3.We only Post to:worldwide, except in some countries and regions outside
4.Normal delivery day is: 10-15 working days to the United States, 15-40 working days to Canada,UK & Australia,20-40 Business Days to Europe, Brazil, Italy, Russia & Others Countries.Some country far away it would be take more than 40 working day
6.If you still not received the parcel after the estimate time,PLZ contact us ASAP, a REFUND Or RESEND will be arranged to you.
3. We are accepted return policy of money back guarantee within 14 days by all product.
3. As reliable seller with high credit ratings, we will try our best to offer better and better services, and give our best resolution.
Contact us If you have any inquires or any questions, please feel free to contact us by Ebay Message and we will reply within 48hours,and our local working time from 9:00am to 18:00pm.
... IN CASE OF VARIANTS OF COLOR OR OTHER VARIANTS, PLEASE SEND US A MESSAGE WITH YOUR CHOICE.. . Description: M10 Grass Trimmer Head Weed Whipper Snipper Strimmer Line Brush Cutter
Specification: Color: Black&Orange Material: ABS Size: 14.4x4.1cm/5.69"x1.63" Connecting Size: M10 Suitable for Pivotrim Stihl Husqvarna
Low power consumption, energy-saving
Use it in your car use in Travel, office and home, Vehicles and outdoors
1.US Stock items Shipping Service UPS 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS (weekend and festival not included) from our warehouse in the US,
only to United-States. China Stock items will be shipped by epacket
or Airmail post within 1 business days.
2.We are not Responsible for your Customs duty.
Our working time: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 5:30PM (Beijing) we
""""The sale of this item may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and state and local regulatory agencies. If so, do not bid on this item unless you are an authorized purchaser. If the item is subject to FDA regulation, I will verify your status as an authorized purchaser of this item before shipping of the item.""""
The Fingertip Pulse Oximeter is certified with the US FDA 510K No. K070371, the CE & TUV of Eureope and it is on the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods (ARTG) with the code 136606.
The Powered Surgical Instrument / Speed 808 System is certified with the US FDA 510(k) Number:K132989
The Powered Surgical Instrument / Hair Remove Device is certified with the US FDA 510(k) Number:K180353
Gokshura Gokhru Puncture Vine Devil's Weed Caltrops Tribulus Terrestris Fruit
We accept payment only Pay pal.
If you are not satisfied with the item for any reason you can return the item within 30 days upon receiving and get a full refund
DESCRIPTIONS PRODUCTNAME : Horny Goat Weed Extract
FEATURES : Dairy Free,Fish Free,Gluten Free
ACTIVEINGREDIENTS : 10% Icarin
EXPIRATIONDATE : 3 Year From Manufecturing date
VARIATIONS BOTTLE SIZE : 5 Sample Capsule; 60 Capsule (1 Month Supply); 120 Capsule (2 Month Supply); 180 Capsule (3 Month Supply); 240 Capsule (4 Month Supply); 300 Capsule (5 Month Supply); 360 Capsule (6 Month Supply); 420 Capsule (7 Month Supply); 480 Capsule (8 month Supply); 540 Capsule (9 Month Supply); 600 Capsule (10 Month Supply)
Improves Neural Health Enhances Liver Health Might Boost Energy Levels Features:
All our product are manufactured under strict quality norms. In case of any undesirable case if there is a problem with your purchase item, please contact us before leaving feedback so that we can resolve the matter on priority. If you are satisfied with our service and product please leave us positive feedback.
AmalthA(r) is registered and well renowned brand selling premium quality natural vitamins and herbal supplements across the world. Our Products are a little bit costly as compared to any online brand due to their quality raw material we used. We guarantee higher potency clinically proved. Our all the products are acclaimed Online and offline across the world as well as doctors recommended brand.
For Bulk Quantity you can contact us we can offer the best price
India Post Registered can take 14 to 25 days trackable
Dhl E-commerce international Standard Shipping- takes 7 to 11 days Trackable
Customs duty: We ship all the product in one business days and send the product as a sample. In case of customs clearance duty will be borne by the customer itself.
Thanking you for your Purchase!
SHIPPING We offer FREE shipping worldwide.
Delivery Time - 3 to 23 Days ( Various on destination )
Standard Shipping- India Registered with Tracking Id - Which takes 7 to 23 days.
Expedite Shipping- Fedex, DHL Express , Aramax- Which takes 3 to 7 days.
We Believe in fast & timely shopping, customer satisfaction is always on your first priority. Customers are responsible for duties and VAT charges by their country residence. We recommend you contact your local customs office about the VAT and Duties.
Photo Magnet Size : 2"x 3" Collectibles Material : High grade magnet covers entire the back of picture Pictures : Colorful bright Photo Quality Picture Usage : Perfect for refrigerator, file cabinet, locker Package & Condition : Brand new, sealed in plastic package
We only accept paypal payment payment should be done in 7 days
Delivery time to worldwide 2-3 weeks (any delay or non-receipt please contact us to solve the problem) Sometimes up to 4 weeks due to the customs inspection delay! Shipping by Thailand Post Service
Welcome in Happy Green! We are honoured that you have visited our Happy Green Shop. We would like you to know that you came to the shop where we do our best to make sure of the highest standard of our products. All our seeds have phytosanitary certification and are laboratory proven to have high germination. On our auctions you will find description of all sort of seeds and instructions of seeding. All our seeds are packed in hermetically closed sachets, what increases their lifetime and quality. All products are send in padded envelopes to make sure that their will arrive in excellent condition. We can assure you that all our seeds are fresh. If any of them are unsold during the season, they come back to manufacturer. And in new season we supply our shop with fresh seeds. We try to provide the highest quality for the lowest price. If you have any queries do not hesitate to contact our customer service team. We will be more than happy to help you and we hope to see you again soon.
Description This clumping evergreen shrub with narrow leaves produces a startling, 3- to 4-foot-tall flower stalk. The fragrant flowers are pale green or greenish white. It is a tenacious weed in areas of the American West, but adds a touch of the desert to gardens. Soap can be made from its roots and the foliage is used in basket-making. Noteworthy Characteristics: Evergre Soapweed yucca is one of about 40 yucca species, all of which are native to the New World. It grows in dry rocky soils throughout the Great Plains and is most abundant in short grass prairies and desert grasslands. These plants have a long history of beneficial use. As the name implies, the crushed roots of soapweed yucca produce a lather that makes a good soap or shampoo. The lathering substances called saponins are found in many plants, but are exceptionally concentrated in yucca roots. The dried leaves of soapweed yucca can be woven into baskets, mats, or sandals. The strong coarse leaf fibers can be extracted to make cordage.
Sowing instruction. The best way to start a new yucca plant is with yucca seeds. This plant is a hardy, woodsy perennial that grows to about 18 to 20 inches, producing beautiful white flowers atop straight stems with sword-like leaves. This great addition to any garden will flower from the middle of summer through to late fall.
Growing yucca from seeds requires a lot of time and patience. If you have these things to spare, you can have a striking plant ready for your garden. Here are some steps to follow when growing a new yucca plant from seeds.
Step 1 - Start Seeds in Winter
Unlike a lot of plants, you'll need to start your yucca seeds during the winter indoors. This is best done indoors instead of direct planting into the soil, as it takes anywhere from a month to a year for the seeds to germinate and if the conditions are not right, they will fail.
Transplant the seedlings in small planting trays. Fill each cup with soil and sow the seedlings in the middle of the tray about 1/2-inch into the soil. This soil should be a mixture of 50% sand and 50% organic materials.
Step 3 - Water and Place in Warm Spot
After you have placed the seed, water them and place them in a warm area. Set them in a part of your home that will get a lot of western sun. This way you can also water them in the hot afternoon sun. As they drink in the water, the sun will add to the chemical reactions going on inside the plant causing it to grow.
The yucca plant will need to be kept indoors for at least two years. During this time the plant will begin to grow larger, and the roots will begin to grow deep into the pots that you have them in. Yucca roots do not like to be crowded, but will adapt to whatever situation they are in. However, your plant will have a much better chance of success if you keep the roots healthy and happy, so as it grows, you will need to keep transplanting it into progressively bigger pots.
Step 5 - Move Outside
HappyGreenShop offers: FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER 4PS / 6.80$ / 5.80EUR Delivery Contact Payment Shipping within 12-48 hours of payment in working days, by standard postage out of Saturdays, Sundays and Bank Holidays. If you have any questions, we'll be more than happy to help! Please contact us.
2.Fixing the base of anti-bird netting.
Horny Goat Weed Extract 20% Icariin
Tongkat Ali 200:1 Extract Powder
Yohimbe Bark Extract 8% Yohimbine
Panax Ginseng Extract 80% Ginsenosides
Why Use Horny Goat Weed Blend ?
1. Promotes Sexual Vitality
2. Boosts Energy Levels
Why Our Horny Goat Weed Blend?
Our Horny Goat Weed blend contains a high potency standardized extracts of widely used aphrodisiac herbs and is lab tested for potency and purity. The extraction process is modified so as to retain the maximum efficacy of all the herbs
In order to provide consistency in quality, all of our products undergo following tests:Assay with HPLC / Titration / Gravimetry, Residual Solvent Analysis with GC-HS, Heavy Metal Testing with AAS, Microbiology Analysis, Impurity Profiling and Stability testing
Our products contain zero magnesium stearate, synthetic ingredients, dioxides, anti-caking agents, preservatives, colors or flavors. There are zero unnatural potentially harmful synthetic or artificial ingredients of any kind.
NON SYNTHETIC: This product contains zero synthetic ingredients. It is sourced and made from real plant material and contains zero lab made or synthetic ingredients.
The above description is for information and knowledge purpose, not a healthcare professional advice. Please consult your doctor and/or pharmacist before you take this vitamin. Pregnant or lactating women, diabetics, hypoglycemics, and people with known medical conditions and/or taking drugs, should consult with a licensed physician and/or pharmacist prior to starting any supplementation program. The above statements have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
1. Handling time is 1 day after the cleared payment
2. We will ship the item via Indian Post by Register Airmail
3. Please consider few more days for your local customs delay and formalities. Shipments could take up to 15 to 40 business days
4. Please contact for expedite shipping. Additional cost per parcel for FedEx express shipping will be USD 25
It is requested that in case of any issue , please contact me before leaving any feedback. I assure you of prompt response in your favor
Your feedback is important for us to grow our business on ebay. It is requested from you to please leave a feedback
Customs regulations differ by country and not knowing their regulations can result in your order incurring high import duties, the delivery being delayed or even returned. Please check with your Customs office to see if your country permits the shipment of the products you are planning to order from us and if any additional licenses or permits are needed.
Please Note: If your order is returned to us due to a banned/restricted products policy, a wrong address, refusal to pay customs fees, refusal to accept the order or because no one was there to accept delivery of your order, we will refund your order as follows: You will be refunded the total amount of the order, minus the original shipping charge.
If the cost to return the product to us is larger than the cost of the refund due, we will instruct the carrier to abandon the order and there will be no credit for the order. If the product(s) is seized by customs, there will be no credit processed for the product(s).
Refunds will not be issued until the returned packages are physically in our warehouse. All items must be received in original/sealed condition.
Product Details Condition:100% brand new and High quality Material:Polyester Width:6 sizes,1/4"6mm,3/8"10mm,5/8"15mm,3/4"20mm,1"25mm,2/3"38mm Length:1 Roll, 25 Yards( About 22.8 Metres,1 Yard 0.9144 meters) Amount:1pcs Function:Ribbon Bows Color:34 Colors for you to choose
Payment Method Returns Policy
Customer first, service foremost
King Size Cones Maker Rolling Machine 110mm Cigarette Cone Cigar Roller Weed Raw
100% Brand New and High Quality
It is recommended to use 4-6mm diameter filter Tips, So you can make a Slim Cone
Rolls perfectly spiffed shaped cigarettes
Note: Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures. Please understand. Make sure you don't mind before you bid. Please allow 2-3cm differences due to manual measurement.
-We only ship to the confirmed address provided by PayPal. Before you pay, please make sure your address in PayPal matches the address you would like us to ship to. If not, please let us know before we sent you the package, or we will not be responsible for any loss. hope you could understand. Pls note:Generally,we send the item out by airmail without tracking number.It usually takes 30-40 business days from my country to dear country. If USA customer buy the total amount is above USD5 for one order,I will send it by EUB with tracking number,it usually takes 15-20 business days from my country to dear country,if other country customer buy the total amount is above USD10 for one order,I will send it by standard shipping with tracking number.
-We ship items to Worldwide. Thank you!
--please leave us the positive feedback and good detailed seller rating after you received our package and satisfied with it. as you know, every seller works hard for the positive feedback. and if you have any question with the transaction or you do not satisfied with the item, please fell free to contact with me before you leave any feedback, I will responds you within 24 hours, 100 % Satisfaction Guaranteed.
--if you have any question ,please fell free to contact with me I will responds you within 24 hours ,We take the weekends off, so any questions sent then will be answered on Monday. Thanks for your patience! Please give me a chance before you leave the negative feedback.
100 % Satisfaction Guaranteed.
Description: Portable Clear Mini Acrylic Weed Water Pipe Hookah Shisha Tobacco Smoking Pipes Gifts Features: Acrylic material, pure clear color, fashion design. Beautiful pattern, the person who likes shisha will be interested in it. Can smoke cigarette and cut tobacco,reduce the nicotine intake effectively. It is the great gift for shisha fan.
Specifications: Material: Acrylic Diameter: 23mm/0.91" Height: 150mm/5.91" Net weight: About 40g Total package weight: 60g Color: Watermelon Red,Yellow,Blue,Green,Black,White
2. Please allow 1-3mm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.
Items will be shipped within 2 business day on payment received.
Please Check Delivery Times in Description For Your Country..
All Orders are Shipped by Droppshipping With Tracking Number after i receive your payment
Package Content Package Content Package Content Package Content p Package Content
1 x Pcs Mobile Case HARD PLASTIC (Phone not included)
Description 100% brand new and high quality made
Color: as the picture show
Shipping Item will be shipped within 24 -48 hours after full payment is received. Normally the shippment to worldwide is used to take 15 to 25 business days, exclude Sat & Sun.
Payment We accept PayPal only. Payment must be received in 7 business days of auction closing. Please leave note for your special request (e.g. Colors or Size) in ebay note when you pay the order. Any special request cannot be accepted after 24 hours of payment,because most of orders will be processed instantly and same day dispatched.
Contact Us If you have any questions, please feel free to email our servicer, and we will reply you ASAP. If no response within 24 Hours, please check the spam of mail box or kindly re-send it to us. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact. If you haven't received item in 45 days, please contact us and we will arrange refund or resend.
Tongkat ali is a herb from South Asian, which grows in the jungles of Malaysia, Thailand & Indonesia. For centuries, this root has been used by natives as a potent aphrodisiac, a health tonic and energy enhancer. And the powder of this root is still widely used in these countries today. This is a sought after supplement for athletes and bodybuilders due to its ability to increase testosterone in the blood by releasing metabolically inactive testosterone from binding proteins. Unbound or free testosterone typically makes up only about 2% of the testosterone in the bloodstream, so even minor changes in free testosterone levels can have a profound impact.
Tongkat Ali has testosterone enhancing properties and raise testosterone by stimulating the Leydig cells. Testosterone is primarily responsible for the growth and development of male reproductive organs, including the penis, testicles, scrotum, and prostate. The testicles and surrounding tissue will grow in size. The mass gain also influences sexual function, especially erections and ejaculations.
Benefit: Strong and prolonged erections Increases sexuality Accelerating wound healing Improved orgasm Increasing bone density, strength, & health Increases penis size Support healthy blood circulation Decrease body fat Reducing seasonal allergies Anti-aging qualities Slow the aging process Increasing muscle mass
Suggested Use: Take one capsule taken 1 - 2 times a day.
Expiration Date: 5 Feb 2024 We use high quality durable zip lock packaging to preserve freshness and safe.
The delivery time may vary due to public holidays, countries, and customs etc. Thanks for your understanding! We ship item promptly and please rate us 5 star on shipping time according to ebay rules.
The delivery time may vary due to public holidays, countries, and customs etc. Thanks for your understanding! If you are considering giving a neutral or negative or a low DSR(4 star or below), do write to us and give us an opportunity to address your concerns first. We are always stand-by to help for any questions or concerns. Positive feedback is automatically left for you after you left to us positive feedback.
We accept Paypal (confirmed shipping address requiredtelephone number) Payment is to be completed within 14 days of the end of the auction. Please contact us if you can't make the payment promptly. Otherwise, we will reserve the right to relist the item and the unpaid item report will be made correspondingly by ebay auto system
We will make every effort to get your purchase is mailed in a timely manner. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns we would love to hear any suggestions you have on how we can improve your eBay experience.
International Buyers - Please Note that Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility.Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
100% brand new and high quality
A good choice for gift or decoration
A fashion and useful accessory to make you beautiful.
Product Description Description: 1pc Portable Creative Banana Fruit Shape Tobacco Pipe Metal Weed Herb Smoking Pipes Accessory Gifts Features: Banana Fruit,creative. Light,Portable.
1. Inner core is random color.
2. Due to the different monitor and light effect, the actual color of the item might be slightly different from the color showed on the pictures. Thank you!
3. Please allow 1-3cm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.
Included: 1 X Tobacco Pipe Pictures
Description Description: Details about Spring Pipe Colorful Light Metal Smoking Weed Pipe Creative Portable Tobacco
Features: Material : Alumiunm Plastic Weight : 34g (only pipe ) Size :9.5 3.8 1.8cm
Package : 1 Pcs Retail Packaging (1 Pcs Pipe , 5 Pcs Screen)
The relentless pursuit of perfection!Spring Pipe Colorful Light Metal Smoking Weed Pipe Creative Portable Tobacco 1X
1. All items will be shipped to buyer's ebay address. Before you pay, please make sure your address in ebay matches the address you would like us to ship to.
1. We are committed to give you the best customer service possible. If for any reason you are dissatisfied with a purchase, please contact us and We'll assist you with a prompt solution. We'd like to settle any problem in a friendly manner.
2. We want to make sure you are happy with our item. If for any reason you wish to return the item, contact us within 14 days from the delivery date and we will give you a full refund or exchange. Only unused, undamaged and original condition item can be qualified for a return. Buyer is responsible for return shipping fee. Please contact us to get a RMA number BEFORE sending out your return. Goods without RMA number will NOT be accepted. Please write the RMA number on the returning package.
2. Our goal is to make sure you are a happy buyer and have a pleasant shopping with us. If you are happy with our item and service, please do leave us positive feedback and 5 star rate. Please email us before leaving any 1 or 2 ratings, neutral or negative feedback or open any dispute. We understand the concerns and frustrations you might have, and will do our endeavor to resolve the issues. Please give us the opportunity to resolve any problem. We thank you for your effort to make this sale and purchase experience a happy one!
nCure Hay Fever Allergy Light Therapy Treatment BNIB
Drug Free Allergic Rhinitis Relief
Side Effects: There are no known side effects. Sufferers with severe cases of Allergic Rhinitis can use nCure more than three times a day without worrying about harmful side effects.
How To Use nCure?
Treatment: Apply a low dose of red light during a 3 minute treatment session. The unit will shut down by itself. Used as either the sole treatment or as a supplement to existing treatments, BioNette provides relief for Rhinitis sufferers.
Once symptoms are relieved, reduce the number of treatment sessions and use as needed.
Custom Fees We will not be responsible for any Custom Fees you have to pay in your country.
Please Contact us with any question or problem you might have. We will work together to decide weather a Replacement, Refund or a Repair process should be issued.
Product Identifiers ISBN-10 0521855063 ISBN-13 9780521855068 eBay Product ID (ePID) 52193049
Additional Details Copyright Date 2007 Illustrated Yes
Target Audience Group Scholarly & Professional
Classification Method LCCN 2007-272296 LC Classification Number RC564 Dewey Decimal 362.29/3 Dewey Edition 22
Reviews 'Mortality amongst Illicit Drug Users is a welcome sight. Shane Darke, Louisa Degenhardt and Richard Mattick carefully synthesise the mass of literature on drug-related mortality, delineate its key domains, and provide a rich bibliography for future investigators ? This book's documentation of drug-related mortality - so much of it preventable with existing methods readily available to us - is a testament to the poverty of current drug policies and bears stark witness to the price paid for these failures.' Perspectives Review of the hardback: 'Mortality amongst Illicit Drug Users is a welcome sight. Shane Darke, Louisa Degenhardt and Richard Mattick carefully synthesise the mass of literature on drug-related mortality, delineate its key domains, and provide a rich bibliography for future investigators ... This book's documentation of drug-related mortality - so much of it preventable with existing methods readily available to us - is a testament to the poverty of current drug policies and bears stark witness to the price paid for these failures.' Perspectives
Delivery details We will arrange shipping for you in 1-2 business days after you pay.
But for USA, if one of your items more than 5 dollars , I will choose ePacket shipping delivery from China, Items usually takes 7-15 days to arrive North America,if you want fast shipping ,you also can pay 2 dollars for ePacket shipping.
If you have any questions, pelase contact us.We will help you to solve the question.Thank you for your understanding.
Contact usIf you have any questions, please contact me. Due to time difference, Our working time is 10:00 to 22:00, excluding national holidays. Email will be replied in 24 hours. Terms of sales 1)When you receive the item and love it ,please leave me best positive feedback. We appreciate your business and we will do the same to you. Your recognition is our motivation in developing our small company and improving our service for each customer. It'll take you one minute only.
100% brand new and high quality.
the tank can take place easily with other little stuff,such as Coin,Jewelry,and so on. Made of high quality PS, PP materials.
Size: 65 65 20mm
Airbrush template to draw on all kinds of bases, can be paint and sponge and felt-tip pen. Metal, glass, paper, wood, textiles and so on. With good already completed more than half the work. Of great help to beginners as well as professional airbrush artists .can be used many times is of special foils to reduce sweeter. Dimensions 9x6cm Sablon extremely easy and attractive for work only back-shaped and have a finished picture. Excellent for beginners and advanced airbrush artist. It can be used to draw tattoos on their body airbrush.
Mini Drug Box Is Packed With Small Medicine Box One Week Travel Tablets And Drug Boxes
Transparent cover, ash proof and moisture proof, easy to observe the quality of drugs.
The packing includes: 1xMedicine box
Product Size (width depth height): 82mm 48mm 187mm Country of origin: Japan Contents: filled with moisture to every corner of 150mL
angle layer, such as Gushing medicated lotion that leads to the firmness and clarity full of skin. suppresses the production of melanin and prevents freckles spots. If the liquid is dripping in
Precautions ? container mouth, please well wipe. ? rarely moisture of the liquid is evaporated, crystals of whitening active ingredient is attached to the mouth. you may feel rough and touches your skin, but the quality is not a problem. ? after use, please close the cap properly. Please do not put to hit the place and the high temperature of the place of ? Date. If you ? body container of the cap and the inner plug with a cap is no longer from closing properly, please purchase each body. ? lotion W1, please pay attention to the fire. Shipping
4 Levels Mini Herb Grinder Weed Smoke Tobacco Hand Muller For Hookah Shisha Glass Bong Water Pipe
Color: As picture show
Height: 40MM Diameter:40mm/1.8 inch Weight: 90g One hand graspable easily.
4 Layers Design with Durable Chrome Finish
Unique and Beautiful leaf designed on the top part. A hot selling product in 420 industry marketing recently.
1 pc Herb Grinder
Author Biography N. H. Kasliwal, was university topper in B.Pharmacy as well as in M.Pharmacy. He has published 9 research publications and 21 research abstracts to his credit published in international and national journals and conferences.
Title Liposomes/niosomes As a Drug Delivery System Author Nikhil Kasliwal Format Paperback Year
Publisher Lap Lambert Academic Publishing Dimensions
6.1 in. x 8.5 in.
zeroUV - Classic Shape Gold Detailed Marijuana Weed Leaf Horn Rimmed Sunglasses (Ivory Leaf | Shiny Black / Smoke) Item Code: SU59411E2C90481-uk Brand: Imported Brand Name: zeroUV MPN: SU59411E2C90481-us Type: Sunglasses Ships In: 10-15 Business Days About Product 100% Protection Against Harmful UVA/UVB Rays UV400 - 100% Protection against harmful UVA & UVB sun rays. | USA Standard ANSI Z80.3-2001 | CE certified Lightweight For Superior Comfort Excellent Durability and Quality Craftsmanship 30 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE AND 90 DAY LIMITED WARRANTY AGAINST MANUFACTURER DEFECTS: Our main goal is make our customers happy and provide the best shopping experience; If you are not completely satisfied with our product or your purchase please contact us, we'll be happy to help featuring a gold detailed marijuana leaf, on a ivory color plate, this limited edition sunglass brings us back to the counter- culture of the 1970's woodstock era. sporting a basic shape classic look, these will look great for occasion and everyday wear. made with a plastic based frame, metal hinges and uv400 protected lenses.
Shipping Information Within USA
USPS - Handling time 5-7 business days / transit time upto 3-5 business days. (Effectively the item will reach you in 8 to 12 business days.)
Tracking number will be updated on ebay against the order when the item is shipped.
Returns and Exchanges 30 Day Money Back Guarantee! If for any reason you are not satisfied, we offer a refund/replacement if the item is returned within 30 business days (from the date of receipt)
About Us Established in 2006 Infinite Shopping is a online retailer. We started with selling Diamond jewellery and have been adding more and more products like watches, sunglasses and more and have ever since been striving to build the business and provide the best possible customer experience.
Please Note The end of the title : Three-digit number is the management number. It is not related to the title of this item.
We ship to Worldwide !! Combine shipping OK!
Shipping only to the address registered your Paypal account. Some countries can not be sent by EMS. In that case,We will inform you to change to standard shipping after successful bid. If you have more than one purchase, I will ship Packed together. I will deliver at lower cost. Please ask me the cost if you hope.
We recommend EMS to fast, secure and have a warranty. If you would like to use EMS in "South America and Othe countries" or "Asia". After bidding, please contact us before payment, except "free shipping". I will send the invoice of EMS.!!
We are shipping by partnership with a professional shipper,in order to shipping very carefully and quickly as possible the important items of you.
Thank you very much for watching my page! In order for you to be satisfied, I treat items very carefully, and pay maximum attention for packaging. If you have any questions or requests, please do not hesitate to contact me. I will try my best to be your help.
We truly appreciate if you can leave us a positive feedback after you receive the item. Your feedback is important to us. In case you are not satisfied with our product or servise, please contuct us before leaving a feedback. We will try our best to resolve the issue! Your satisfaction is guaranteed from our store. Thank you very much for reading this up to here. God bless you!!
Joint Roller Machine Size 78mm Blunt Fast Cigar Rolling Cigarette Weed Raw
Product Size: 8 3.1 2CM
2x Simulation Lawn Green Grass Turf for Bar Shop Garden Wall Decor 40x60cm Description:
- Made from environmentally friendly plastic, non-toxic, no smell, with vivid colors and good texture, never fade, looks like real.
- Waterproof and never fade, suit for both indoor and outdoor decoration.
- Flexible and easy to use. The back grids allow it to be hung on wall or just put it on floor or anywhere you want to decorate.
- Application: Home, Hotel, Mall, Cupboard, Corridor, Balcony, Garden, Wall, Floor, etc.
- Size: Approx. 60cmx40cm/ 23.62x15.75inch (LxW)
Good quality! Excellent Service! Before purchasing, please check whether this item is compatible with your product. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via eBay messages at any time.
2 Pieces Artifical Lawn
Product Details Description Description Drug Law Reform in East and Southeast Asia is a multi-author look at drugs in East and Southeast Asia, on drug policy, patterns and trends, local problems, human rights abuses, treatment prospects, and potential reforms. From the history of drugs in Asia, the book examines recent trends in illicit drugs, especially the present ermous amphetamine problems. It addresses recent policy shifts, especially harm reduction responses to the devastating drug-associated HIV epidemics. It explores further necessary reform, especially in regard to the abysmally inhuman current emphasis on detention and the death penalty for drug offences, and present the most recent evidence on effective and humane approaches to drug treatments. As the first comprehensive collection on illicit drug and harm reduction in East and Southeast Asia, it will be a vital resource for health professionals, policymakers, and others working there-and elsewhere-on drug policy reform. As the first comprehensive collection on illicit drugs and harm reduction in East and Southeast Asia, it will be a vital resource for health professionals, policymakers, and others working on East and Southeast Asia-and elsewhere-on drug policy. Author Biography Fifa Rahman is policy manager at the Malaysian AIDS Council. Nick Crofts is director of the Centre for Law Enforcement and Public Health.
Key Features Publisher Lexington Books Date of Publication 27/03/2017 Language English Format Paperback ISBN-10 073918492X ISBN-13 9780739184929 Subject Social Issues, Services & Welfare eBay Product ID (ePID) 237267220
Publication Data Place of Publication Lanham, MD Country of Publication United States Imprint Lexington Books Content Note 13 black & white illustrations, 5 tables
Dimensions Weight 481 g Width 148 mm Height 231 mm Spine 24 mm
This pimple clear prevents acne due to living environment, leading to a smooth and clear skin.
Use it as the last step in your morning and night skincare regime.
Spread over concerned pimple area and pimple-prone area with clean finger tips.
CONDITION: New, 100% Authentic
Please note payment due with 3 days following the action
SHIPPING: ship to Worldwide via registered mail
Arrives in 7 to 10 days
With tracking service (Japan Post / e-packet service)
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Let me know if you have any questions :)
Please note the photo does not show the actual size, please refer to the detailed description, Color may vary slightly due to the color calibration of each individual monitor.
We accept PayPal only.
All payments are expected within 7days after the last auction is closed.
Shipping address: The items will be shipped to your PayPal registered address,please make sure your "ship to" address on PayPal is correct.
Color and printing: please select your desired design and let me know- otherwise blue 420 will be sent
Durable herb grinder with 48 ultra sharp teeth shred dried herbs, tobacco or other dried plant material
DRUGS BAG WITH ELASTICS
Visit us at International Fairs:
Rettmobil ( Fulda D ) - Civilprotect ( Bozen IT ) - Florian ( Dresden D ) - Rettermessse ( Wels AT ) - Interschutz You can find a stand directory on our homepage.
1. We, at Herbadiet, strive hard to achieve supreme level of quality and excellence in our products. We have a dedicated, well-qualified & experienced staff for R&D, production & QC/QA which is committed to the development of new and effective products.
Assay with HPLC / Titration / Gravimetry, Residual Solvent Analysis with GC-HS, Heavy Metal Testing with AAS, Microbiology Analysis, Impurity Profiling and Stability testing
What Makes HERBADIET Unique?
Our products contain zero magnesium stearate, synthetic ingredients, dioxides, anti-caking agents, preservatives, colors or flavors. There are zero unnatural potentially harmful synthetic or artificial ingredients of any kind. NON SYNTHETIC This product contains zero synthetic ingredients. It is sourced and made from real plant material and contains zero lab made or synthetic ingredients.
Herbal supplement industry, due to lack of regulation, is filled with fake/sub quality products. I've seen companies on ebay misrepresenting their products as "high quality or organic" only to find out they are far from those statements. We have been in the health industry for over a decade and have our own extraction unit. Our extraction unit is GMP/Kosher certified. All our products complies to strict guidelines and we test all the products ourselves before putting them for sale. Health is a gift in life and it is our goal to assist everyone in the endeavour for optimal, healthy living.
For Detailed Health benefits, please contact us
4. Please contact for expedite shipping. Additional cost per parcel for express shipping will be USD 25
(1) Whitening UV base with whitening active ingredient "tranexamic acid" blended.
(2) 1 roles and 4 roles.Lightening milky lotion sun protection makeup base effect.
(4) UV absorber free (non chemical prescription).
Not all people suffer from allergies. Raw materials ingredients (Active ingredient) tranexamic acid Other Ingredients Butter extract, Kuroba extract 2, trehalose sodium sulfate, polymethacryloyloxyethylphosphorylcholine solution, water, particulate titanium oxide, low temperature calcined zinc oxide, glycerin, titanium oxide, BG, hydroxide Al, anhydrous silicic acid , Methylphenyl polysiloxane, dimethicone, vitamin E, PEG (30), hydrous silicic acid, distearyldimethylammonium hectorite, cyclopentasiloxane, trimethylsiloxysilicic acid, POE dimethicone copolymer, methylhydrogenpolysiloxane, methacrylic Acid ester resin powder, ethanol, phenoxyethanol Product size (width x depth x height): 43 mm x 30 mm x 108 mm Contents: 40 mL Payment
We only accept PayPal payments. Please pay within 5 days after auction is finished.
Shipping Duration Shipping Method Asia, Middle East America,Canada Australia,Mexico Europe Russia Other Registered Small Parcel SAL 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks
We will ship your item within 3-5 business days, after your payment. We can ship ONLY to your Paypal address. Term of Sale
We can accept retune within 30 days after you receive it. Please make sure to contact us first if you want to retune it. It is buyer's responsibility for the retune shipping cost when sending back the item to us. The item has to be returned in the original condition from the time you received. No retunes on products that show any evidences of use.
International Buyers - Please Note:
2. Clothing Asian size is usually 2 yards smaller than the US / EU / UK, please compare carefully before ordering. 12. The real color may be slightly different from the photo, due to a variety of factors such as computer screen contrast or light.
Treating Drug Abusers by G Bennett ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New DESCRIPTION Treating Drug Abusers provides a clear, practical guide to current approaches. Written by practitioners for practitioners, it takes a psychological perspective to drug-taking and treatment. The authors include detailed case studies of particular treatments.
Edition 1st Publisher Taylor & Francis Ltd Dimensions
6x RC-100-P Spool CapSprings For NST2018 NST1024 LST1018 Weed Eater Trimmer
6x Spool Cap Covers 6x Springs Set is a great replacement for AFS Weed Eater GH400, GH500, CST1000, CST2000, ST7000, ST6600 & ST7700 models
Fits other models: NST1118, NST2018, NST2118, GH600, GH610, GH900, GH912, LST136, LST220, LST300, LST400, LST420
Item Condition:100% Brand New
6 Spool Cap Covers
Payment We accept payment via Paypal only.
Payment must be made within 5 days, Non-payment may result in an UPI (Unpaid Item), eBay will automatically close your account if you accumulate 4 UPI's total.
Import cutoms duties or taxes which are not included in item price, if any, are on buyer's responsibility. You can check with your local customs office for further information prior to bidding/buying.
We only ship to confirmed Paypal addresses. Please comfirm that your paypal address is in line with your shipping address.
Please kindly note that the combined shipping is not provided because the shipping fee is calculated by weight. Also, the each additional item means e tly the the same color and size.
We strive for 100% customer satisfaction! Positive Feedback is very important to us. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via "Ask seller a question" . We will reply your email within 24 working hours.
There is no physical item sent in the post.
After purchase, I will leave positive feedback for you ! If You satisfy with it, please return positive feedback for me !
To download the wallpaper, right click the image and "Save as" to your computer.
If you have any issues, please contact me !
Smoking Cigarettes/Tobacco/Weeds/Joint Holder Ring free hand Black Silicone Product gallery
Product Description Features Smoking cigarettes always leaves your hand ashy and smelling like nicotine. Then you touch your hair and your face and the smell goes everywhere. You can now avoid having nicotine smelling thanks to the smoking ring. It will hold your cigarette for you while you are smoking so that when you finish the cigar. Your fingers will not have that usual unattractive tobacco smell. It is highly adaptable and it will easily adjust on your cigar and on your hand. Thanks to its first-class material and workmanship, the smoking ring will fit the diameter of any finger without being too tight.
Please submit payment within 7 days after the auction ends.
3. We only ship to confirmed PAYPAL addresses. Your PAYPAL address MUST MATCH your Shipping address.
4. If you have not received your shipment within 30 days from payment, please inform us. We will track the shipment and get back to you as soon as possible with a reply. Our goal is customer satisfaction!
5. Due to stock status and time differences, we will choose to ship your item from our first available warehouse for fast delivery.
More colors for the resin rhinestone in our store:
l We ship all goods within 24hours upon receipt of payment (except holiday and weekend).
EACH PACK 15 GRAM
This refreshing eye gel reduces and prevents signs of stress, puffiness and darks circles. Enriched with Seaweed extracts it soothes tired skin, reducing inflammation and refreshing the skin.
This refreshing eye gel reduces and prevents signs of stress, puffiness and darks circles
Refreshes the under eye skin area and eradicates dark circles
Organically Pure & preservative free
Lightly pat around eye area, morning and evening.
Payment is accepted by Paypal only. Paypal is the Safest mode ofPayment on eBay .
YOU WILL GET TRACKING NO AFTER WE SHIP PRODUCT
We will make you sure that you will receive the product in Good Condition
N CASE OF VARIANT OF COLORS, SIZES OR OTHER VARIANTS , PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE WITH YOUR CHOICE .. .. .. Name:High Pressure Sprayer
Specifications Handle Material:stainless steel Tip Material:pure copper Water Pressure:100 Jet Distance:7-8m
Description Mini Beer Smoke Metal Pipes Portable Creative Smoking Herb Tobacco Weed Grinder Length:70mm
Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.
We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the pictures
Payment We ONLY ACCEPT PAYPAL Payment at the moment. Please be understanding. Thanks!
SHIPPING Shipping And Handling Fee for all countries :
Free shipping for normal shipping(USPS for United States and standard shipping for the other
(You will need to pay the difference between Flat Rate/USPS and Express Delivery).
2)For PURCHASES OVER US$10 and UNDER 2 KG(2.2 lbs) IN WEIGHT WILL SHIP by e-Packet DELIVERY
(Fast Delivery Co-operated BETWEEN USPS & CHINA POST) WITH TRACKING NUMBER
TAKES 7-12 WORKING DAYS ONLY!!!
For purchase below US$10 will ship by Standard Flat rate airmail without a tracking number.
Return Policy All items are checked before we ship the item out and the items are in perfect condition.
item for a refund or credit after the 7th day that you received the package.
Feedback Please leave 5 Star positive feedbacks when you receive your order and feel satisfactory. Your 5 Star positive feedback is very important to motivate me to keep improving in the future. If you feel un-satisfactory or want to leaving any neutral or negative feedback, please contact me first and give me a chance to let me to resolve your problem and make you a happy customer. Contact us If you have any questions, please contact us and we will get back to you within 24 hours. Thank you!
Winter and Autumn Scarf Women Shawls And Scarves Linen Cotton Scarf Warm Item Type: Scarves Material: Linen,Cotton Gender: Women Department Name: Adult Brand Name: xiangyihui Style: Fashion Pattern Type: Solid Scarves Length: 100cm-135cm Scarves Type: Scarf Model Number: su
Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Before purchasing, please read the ads carefully and make sure the size, color and style is applicable to your requirements. If you have any problem after received your items or you don't receive your items, please contact us first via Ask a question on eBay, we will reply your message and offer best solutions to you within 24 business hours. Please be more patient on weekends and holidays. Please do not leave Neutral or Negative Feedback. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Feedback & detailed Seller Rating:
We only strive for 5 star positive feedback and will try our best to offer the best service to our buyer. Please email us before leaving negative feedback or open any dispute and please give us 2 business days to resolve the complaint to your satisfaction.
Horny Goat Weed Extract 500mg Vegan Capsules
Why Our Horny Goat Weed?
Our Horny Goat Weed contains a super high-potency extract of Epimedium Leaves standardized for 20% Icaarin and is lab tested for potency and purity. Our Horny goat weed is extracted only from high quality Epimedium leaves. The extraction process is modified so as to retain the maximum efficacy of Icariin
For Detailed Health benefits of Horny Goat Weed Extract, please contact us
Moss Micro Landscape Plant Potted Plants Reticulate Grass Seeds EH7E
Material: Seed Color: As The Picture Show Size: Full size Type: Reticulated Grass Seeds Quantity: Pack/10Pcs, Pack/50Pcs Occasion: Courtyard, Balcony, Office, Garden Features: Evergreen grass. The reticulate grass is verrucous, and the stem section is easy to root. Leaves opposite, ovoid, red veins alternating in a vertical and horizontal, forming a network. Petiole and hairs on stem; terminal spikes, yellow flowers. The plants are small and exquisite, and they are small potted plants in the foliage plants. Flowering fall from september to november. Like high temperature and humidity and semi-negative environment, growth temperature is 18 24 degC. Package Content: 1 x Pack of Seeds Note: Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.1cm 0.3937inch
1. We accept PayPal only.
2. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal.
3. Please leave ebay note when making the payment if you have any special requests.
4. Orders will be processed instantly and dispatched in 1 days, so normally we do NOT accept any email/message note after you place orders.
6. IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ: Buyers are responsible for import duties, custom fees and taxes.
7. If any, Please check with your countrys custom office to determine the additional costs impose on the item prior to buying.
2. We only ship to confirmed eBay addresses. Your eBay address MUST MATCH your Shipping address.
3. Items will be shipped within 1 business day on payment received.
5. Delivery time depends on destination, customs clearance process, weather change and other factors; it may takes up to 30 business days.
2. If item is not satisfied you when you receive it, Please contact us, you can return it within 30 days for a replacement or money back.
3. If item is defective in 3 months, we will send you a replacement without extra cost charger, or offer refund after we receive the defective item.
4. If item is defective after 3 months, you can still send it back to us. We will send you a new one after receiving the defective item.
Tall fescue grass, whose scientific name is Festuca arundinacea,is a cool-season perennial species of bunchgrass native to Europe. It is an ornamental grass in gardens,and a phytoremediation plant,and also an important forage grass throughout Europe, and many cultivars have been used in agriculture. Tall fescue spreads in a common way as many other grass species - through tillering and seed trans- mission,but not by stolons or rhizomes. And this species of grass has a long growing season and ranges between 2 to 4 feet (1.2 m) tall in seedhead stage. Growth may occur year-round if conditions are adequate,but typically growth ceases when soil temperature falls below 40degF (4degC).
Specification: Type: Seeds Color: Green Sun Tolerance: Very good Shade Tolerance: Moderate Quantity: 10000pcs (about 40g)
1.We ship to your eBay or Paypal address. Please make sure your eBay and Paypal address is correct before you pay.
2.Items will be shipped within 2 business day when we received payment.
3.Delivery time depends on destination and other factors;
2. Approved returns will be subject to inspection on arrival. Items must be returned in original condition with all original packaging.
3. All shipping and handing charges are non-refundable.
Description Description: Brand New Material: MetalRubber Oil wear: 1L/100km Install hole size: 2mm Fit for: Non original part to fit For Stihl FS38 For Stihl HS45 For Stihl FS45 For Stihl FS46 For Stihl FS55 For Stihl FC55 For Stihl FS74 For Stihl FS75 For Stihl FS76 For Stihl FS80 For Stihl FS85. Please make sure it can fit on your chainsaw before bidding on it.
1 x Carburetor for STIHL
Shipping Item will be shipped within 24 -48 hours after full payment is received.
Please leave note for your special request (e.g. Colors or Size) in ebay note when you pay the order.
Any special request cannot be accepted after 24 hours of payment, because most of orders will be processed instantly and same day dispatched.
Warranty If the item is defect when you receive it or you are not satisfied with it, please return it within 14 days for a replacement or money back. But the items must be back in factory condition. Please contact us and double check the return address before you return it.
We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact. If you haven't received item in 30 days, please contact us and we will arrange refund.
Delivery details Terms of sales About us Contact us
Welcome to the home of the most unique religious memorabilia:
R E L I C Saint Maximilian Maria Kolbe, O.F.M. Conv., (Polish: Maksymilian Maria Kolbe; 8 January 1894 - 14 August 1941) was a Polish Conventual Franciscan friar, who volunteered to die in place of a stranger in the Nazi German death camp of Auschwitz, located in German-occupied Poland during World War II. Kolbe was canonized on 10 October 1982 by Pope John Paul II, and declared a martyr of charity.
Patronage Against drug addictions, drug addicts, families, imprisoned people, journalists, political prisoners, prisoners , pro-life movement, amateur radio.
It's an improbable name, one that invites attention and giggles. But behind the light-hearted nickname stands a serious herb. The Chinese consider Horny Goat Weed, also known as Ying Yang Huo the premier libido-lifter for men and women, and top aid to erectile function in men. While the e t way that horny goat weed works remains unknown, the plant has long been employed to restore sexual fire, boost erectile function, allay fatigue and even alleviate menopausal discomfort.
Horny Goat Weed is a traditional botanical medicine used in China and Japan. Although this herb (which also goes by the names Yin Yang Huo, Inyokaku, and Herba Epimedii) has a history of traditional use for disorders of the kidneys, joints, liver, back and knees, its principal use is as an aphrodisiac. It stimulates sexual activity in both men and women, stimulates the sensory nerves and increases sexual desire.
Description Specification Category: Rotation mophead Color: Purple/Red white/Pink white/Blue white/Grass white Material: Fiber
Package including: 1 X Rotation mophead
Shipping Item will be shipped within 24 -48 hours after full payment is received. The Item will be shipped by air mail,Normally the shippment to worldwide is used to take 20 to 25 business days, exclude Sat & Sun.
Payment We only accept payment through Paypal. Payment must be received in 7 business days of auction closing.
Return Policy & Feedback If the item is defect when you receive it or you are not satisfied with it, please return it within 14 days for a replacement or money back. But the items must be back in factory condition. Please contact us and double check the return address before you return it. If item is defective in 3 months, you can return it to us. We will send you a new replacement after receiving the defective item.
Contact Us We care about our valued buyers, if you have any questions, our Customer Service staffs will be very glad to help you. We try our best to reply your email as soon as possible, please kindly allow 24 hours(working day) for us to response. Thank you. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact.
Color:Like the picture.(Random sent 2 different colours socks)
SEASON: Spring Summer Autumn Payment Payment: We accept PayPal only. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal. Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing. Please make sure your paypal and ebay address is correct. Or not, please correct it before payment. Delivery details Shipping time: - We ship to worldwide except Italy/Africa/Asia/Brazil/Spain and some remote areas. - Make sure your Address is correct. A phone number is recommended for a more accurate delivery. - Orders will ship within 2 business days after payment has cleared. - We try our best to provide you the most reliable, affordable way of shipping service. But sometimes international delivery is highly depended on the local customs and post service. If you do not receive your item on time, please contact us immediately for further assistance. We will be responsible for any damages or losses incurred in the shipping process. Terms of sales About us About us:
I am very glad to solve your any problem on my items. Feel free to contact me via Ebay message or Email. Usually I will respond in 24 hours.. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Once your payment is clear, Contact us
I am very glad to solve your any problem on my items. Feel free to contact me via Ebay message or Email. Usually I will respond in 24 hours.. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Once your payment is clear,
Description: 9" Inch Ultra Light Slim Grass Green Anodized Keymod Free Float Hand Guard Fore Rail
Model no.: NSR-9 Grass Green
Material : T6 6061 Aluminum
Length : 9 inch Length / 230 mm
Barrel nut Thread spec. : 1-1/4-18 UNC
Retaining ring hole inside diameter : 1.02'' (26 mm)
Retaining ring hole outside diameter : 1.35'' (34.4 mm)
1 x 9" Inch Lightweight Slim Keymod Free Float Hand Guard
1 x Barrel Nut
6 x Barrel Nut Screws
1 x Barrel Nut Screw Allen Hex Wrench
Type:Metal Cutting Dies Stencil Condition: 100% Brand New & Cute Quantity:1 Pcs Material: Carbon steel Color:Silver Size:As pictures show Package include: 1 Set Metal Cutting Dies Stencil Notice:
1. Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.
2. Please allow 0.1-0.5cm differences due to manual measurement.
All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal
Toal amount due includes the final auction price plus shipping and handling
now button, eBay will automatically determine if there are other items you have won from us and will conbine them for your review.
We are not responsible for any custom duty or import tax. Shipping
Worldwide shipping (except Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macao, China, Guernsey, Luxembourg,and APO/FPO, etc )
Item will be shipped within 1 business days ( Excluding Weekends and Public Holidays) after your payment clear
We only send to confirmed PayPal Address, your PayPal address must match yourshipping address.
