office for both sides.
Interaction: There are no known harmful interactions with drugs. You can use nCure along with topical nasal therapies, oral antihistamines, corticosteroids or decongestants.
Shipping Policy Payment Method Returns Policy Items will be shipped out within 1 business days after receiving cleared payment.
2.All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal.
HappyGreenShop offers: FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER 4PS / 6.80$ / 5.80EUR Delivery Contact Payment Shipping within 12-48 hours of payment in working days, by standard postage out of Saturdays, Sundays and Bank Holidays. If you have any questions, we'll be more than happy to help! Please contact us.
Seek professional advice if suffering from a medical condition. Keep out of reach of children.
item for a refund or credit after the 7th day that you received the package.
Standard Shipping- India Registered with Tracking Id - Which takes 7 to 23 days.
Package Included: 1x Trimmer Head(with line)
Photo Magnet Size : 2"x 3" Collectibles Material : High grade magnet covers entire the back of picture Pictures : Colorful bright Photo Quality Picture Usage : Perfect for refrigerator, file cabinet, locker Package & Condition : Brand new, sealed in plastic package
A good choice for gift or decoration
Returns If you wish to return an item, please consult our Returns Policy as below:
2. Please DO NOT leave negative feedback without asking for help.
Features: For Poulan Weed Eater Part 952701666. Tap N Go IV. 5/16'' RH Thread. Fine workmanship. Long service life. Fine abrasion performance.
Package includes: 3pcs Tongue Ring Payment: Shipping: Feedback: Contact us: We accept payment through Paypal ONLY. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal. Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
Package Included 1 x High Pressure Sprayer
Product Identifiers ISBN-10 0521855063 ISBN-13 9780521855068 eBay Product ID (ePID) 52193049
3.Generally, delivery time is 15-25 business days,
RETURN POLICY We carefully inspect the item before shipment. In case you found a defect on the purchase, We will exchange or refund it The return item must be in the original(Unused & Same Package) , resaleable form and all accessories included must be returned as well If you are not satisfied, simply contact us and return the item within 14days after you receive it (We will refund your money without the shipping fee )
1.We offer 30 working days return guarantee for the items we sell. If you are not satisfied with the item, you can
Author Biography N. H. Kasliwal, was university topper in B.Pharmacy as well as in M.Pharmacy. He has published 9 research publications and 21 research abstracts to his credit published in international and national journals and conferences.
Product Description oe oe "Collage lotion Gold S 100ml" is a mellow comfortable to use, lotion fragrance-free moisturizing your skin. oe than collage Fundamentals series, and trimethyl glycine (amino acid-based moisturizing component) rich blend. oe classification: Quasi drug oe display specified ingredients oe tocopherol (vitamin E), paraben oe Ingredients oe display specified ingredients: tocopherol (vitamin E), paraben oe Country of origin oe Japan oe In the case of bulk buying, system There is a mailing cost of the number of minutes is added in the specification, but the shipping will be the amount of money for one piece per destination. oe You might be able to specify a delivery date in the specification of the system, but please understand that it can not be specified delivery date. It should be noted that the time specified will be. oe After the cancellation of the final order as well, "returned or exchanged" by the customer convenience of the product brought to you is not done. Shipping
please email us. we are willing to solve problems with our customers.
Return is acceptable, if you're not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to us for a prompt exchange or we will make all refunds to you.
We want you as our Fully Satisfied Customer!
Classification Method LCCN 2016-028251 LC Classification Number RM388 Dewey Decimal 616.200461 Dewey Edition 23
Side Effects: There are no known side effects. Sufferers with severe cases of Allergic Rhinitis can use nCure more than three times a day without worrying about harmful side effects.
We Accept Paypal Only. Your item will be sent to your ebay address. Please make sure your ebay address is correct. Any non- received items caused by invalid address are not in our full refund or replacement policy. Delivery time usually takes 10-20 business days to USA.and 20-35 days to other countries. The delivery times may vary, particularly during peak periods or in bad climate weather conditions. If you haven't received the item after 30 days, please contact us first, we will do our best to investigate and solve the delivery problem. SS CONTACT US SS We Guarantee 100% Saticfaction OR Your Money Back.
Fits other models: NST1118, NST2018, NST2118, GH600, GH610, GH900, GH912, LST136, LST220, LST300, LST400, LST420
Take down the smoke pot or the elbow piece by adding 1/2 can of pure water or white wine in the body 2.360-degree bend to any point of use, handling free and easy to carry Package include: 1 X 1 Pcs Cigarette Holder Payment
More colors for the resin rhinestone in our store:
1.Fixing landscape geotextiles to the soil.
Our preferred payment method is PayPal.
Policies We are not responsible for any custom duty or import tax.
If you need expedited shipping,please contact us in adavance,thank you :)
1.If item is defective and not working on arrival, please contact us within 7 days of receiving the defective for repair or refund.Refund will only be provided for products damaged in the post or which is defective. Item may be returned within 14 days of purchase upon your receipt.All items returned must contain all original packaging materials.
SEAWEED is drenched with lipids, proteins, vitamins, minerals and other nutritive elements from the sea. This refreshing eye gel reduces and prevents signs of stress, puffiness and darks circles.
The Powered Surgical Instrument / Hair Remove System is certified with the US FDA 510(k) Number:K141973
1 x Roll Pin
we wish that buyers can understand that we would try our best to do the deal, thank you! Return Policy We accept returns, but it pays postage. If a product has anything wrong,
Key Features Publisher Lexington Books Date of Publication 27/03/2017 Language English Format Paperback ISBN-10 073918492X ISBN-13 9780739184929 Subject Social Issues, Services & Welfare eBay Product ID (ePID) 237267220
Formulation Variables of Transdermal Drug Delivery Systems by Vinod Singh, Athar Javed, Mamta Singh ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New Author Biography Vinod Singh (b. 19 march,1981) completed his B.Pharm, M.Pharm (Pharmaceutics) From Luqman College of Pharmacy, Gulbarga &amp; Ph.D (Pharmacy) From Vinayaka Mission University, Salem. He is presently Assistant Professor, Department of Pharmaceutics in Sardar Bhagwan Singh P.G Institute of Biomedical sciences &amp; Research, Balawala, Dehradun. India.
NEW BRANDED Biotique Bio Sea Weed Revitalizing Anti Fatigue Eye Gel
Abeeco Supabee for Men with Horny Goat Weed - 270 caps (3 months supply)
Import duties, taxes and charges are NOT included in the item price or shipping charges.These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Liposomes/niosomes As a Drug Delivery System by Nikhil Kasliwal ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New DESCRIPTION Liposome and Niosome have been studied world wide as a drug carrier, still unable to explore significantly in pharmaceutical market. This monograph will discuss the critical issues and explain with examples. The skin permeation of antibacterial agent, bacitracin zinc, in liposomes and niosomes, after topical application, were elucidated in the present study with aimed to increase its penetration capacity, to avoid systemic administration toxicity and hence improve efficiency. Further, with aceclofenac to avoid the irritation of gastrointestinal tract, minimize systemic toxicity and achieve a better therapeutic effect, warrants the use of sustained release formulation. The aim of this work was to form a complex of aceclofenac with hydroxyl propyl cyclodextrin and then encapsulate the same complex into niosome vesicles and to characterize for different physicochemical properties and to investigate the potential of niosomes entrapped aceclofenac/Hydroxy Propyl&mdash;Cyclodextrin (HP&mdash;CD) as anti-inflammatory drug delivery.
With tracking service (Japan Post / e-packet service)
2. Simulated effect makes it look beautiful.
Included: 1 x Artificial Plastic Grass Weed Plant Aquarium Pictures
Dhl E-commerce international Standard Shipping- takes 7 to 11 days Trackable
2. We want to make sure you are happy with our item. If for any reason you wish to return the item, contact us within 14 days from the delivery date and we will give you a full refund or exchange. Only unused, undamaged and original condition item can be qualified for a return. Buyer is responsible for return shipping fee. Please contact us to get a RMA number BEFORE sending out your return. Goods without RMA number will NOT be accepted. Please write the RMA number on the returning package.
Sometimes takes a little longer Due to Local dispatch or other reasons.
Notes: Due to the light and resolutions setting difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures. Please allow slight dimension difference due to different manual measurement.
6 Spool Cap Covers
1. We maintain high standards of excellence 5 Stars and strive for 100% customer satisfaction! Positive Feedback is very important to us.
We strive for 100% customer satisfaction! Positive Feedback is very important to us. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via "Ask seller a question" . We will reply your email within 24 working hours.
2)ALL ORDERS OVER 2 KG(2.2 lbs) IN WEIGHT WILL SHIP VIA EXPRESS SHIPPING (DHL/Fedex)
Specification: Color: Black Suitable For: For Poulan Weed Eater ET17, ETM17, Featherlite, Featherlite Plus, Featherlite SST, FL20, FL20C, FL21, FL23, PP13, WildThing, XT200, XT25 and YM600 Models; Also Fits Other Brands Produced by Husqvarna that Require this Part (Sears Craftsman, AYP, Poulan, Poulan Pro, Weed Eater etc.).
Customs, Duties and Taxes: Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Accepted returns are refunded by the method in which you paid less a restocking fee of 10%.
International Buyers - Please Note: ;Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges.These charges are the buyer's responsibility. ;Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying. ;These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges. ;We do not mark merchandise values below value - US and International government regulations prohibit such behavior.
Please note payment due with 3 days following the action
Filtered Water Smoke Smoking Shisha Hookah Weed Herb Cigar Filter Holder Pipe Product Description Brand new and high quality The products can effectively reduce the oil content of cigarettes, purification of harmful substances, the nicotine in cigarettes, etc. Can effectively filter acid carbon and other harmful substances, more effective mitigation of smoking-induced sputum, shortness of breath and other symptoms, significantly reduce soot on teeth Easy to carry and use
Title Treating Drug Abusers Author G Bennett Format Paperback Year
we can settle the case by refund or replacement. We leave buyers positive feedbacks as soon as the order get paid,
1. We accept PayPal only.
Import cutoms duties or taxes which are not included in item price, if any, are on buyer's responsibility. You can check with your local customs office for further information prior to bidding/buying.
Your order will ship within one business day !
3.If you are not satisfied with item or service, please contact us,we will do our best to solve the problems.
Color: Green (As Picture Show)
If item is defective after 3 months, you can still send it back to us. We will send you a new one after receiving the defective item. But you have to pay the extra shipping fee.
Product Details Synopsis The respiratory tract has been used to deliver biologically active chemicals into the human body for centuries. However, the lungs are complex in their anatomy and physiology, which poses challenges to drug delivery. Inhaled formulations are generally more sophisticated than those for oral and parenteral administration. Pulmonary drug development is therefore a highly specialized area because of its many unique issues and challenges. Rapid progress is being made and offers novel solutions to existing treatment problems. Advances in Pulmonary Drug Delivery highlights the latest developments in this field.
We accept PayPal only.
3.Our price not included the tax ,it is buyer's duty
PaymentWe accept payment through Paypal. If you don't have Paypal account, please register at www.paypal.com Payment should be completed within 7 days after auction ended. Please indicate your eBay ID and item NO. when you pay. If you'd like to pay for your item later than 7 days please inform us first. About usYour comment is very importan in our business success, if you are satisfied with the purchase and our service,
2.Items will be shipped within 2 business day when we received payment.
Material: Plant 4 Colors; Green, Pink, Red, Yellow Product Type: Bonsai Style: Annual Variety: Herb Plant Type: Blooming Plant Soil: Loose, Loam Soil with Humus Climate: Subtropical Full-blossom Period: Summer, Autumn Occasion: Home, Garden, Indoor, Outdoor, etc. 3 Quantities For Choosing: 10pcs/Bag, 20pcs/Bag, 50pcs/Bag Package Content: 1 x Bag Seeds Note: Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Thank you!
1. We accept payment via PayPal ONLY.
Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.
3.All payments must be received within 7 days after buying. Non-paying buyer will receive un-paid case from Ebay.
1. Why illicit drug-related deaths matter; 2. The global epidemiology of illicit drug use; 3. Mortality amongst illicit drug users; 4. Mortality and drug overdose; 5. Illicit drug use and disease; 6. Mortality and suicide; 7. Mortality and trauma; 8. Reducing drug-related mortality; 9. Summary and conclusions.
There is no physical item sent in the post.
Edition 1st Publisher Taylor & Francis Ltd Dimensions
Wholesale price could be offered if large quantity needed. Please contact us for more discounted price, thanks! Contact us Working Time: 9:00AM-18:00PM (Beijing Time) from Monday to Friday.
Standard (7-10days) Express EMS (3-5days) Asia FREE $1.53 USA,Canada,Mexco,Australia FREE $7.08 Europe/UK FREE $8.94 South America Othe Countory $2.69 $10.79 Insurance YES YES Tracking YES YES
Any time a buyer refuses a package or submits for 'return to sender' (unless advised to do so by the seller) they immediately forfeit their buyer protection under eBay Money Back Guarantee.
Big book-opening drugs bag 2 parts with adjustable elastics to feature 60 different sized ampoules Central padding with transparent pocket for ampoules list and expiry date Made in red, tear-resistant, water-resistant material 2 external Velcro-strips for the fixing in bags or rucksacks Dimensions: about 25x25x7h cm
AmalthA(r) is registered and well renowned brand selling premium quality natural vitamins and herbal supplements across the world. Our Products are a little bit costly as compared to any online brand due to their quality raw material we used. We guarantee higher potency clinically proved. Our all the products are acclaimed Online and offline across the world as well as doctors recommended brand.
Use it in your car use in Travel,office and home,Vehicles and outdoors
2.The buyer should take responsibility for the return postage for the wrong orders(including wrong sizes, colors, and wrong lengths).
For purchases where a shipping charge was paid, there will be no refund of the original shipping charge.
5. Buyer needs to pay for the above fees in case that occurred for certain goods. If the parcel returns back to us due to the buyer refuse to pay those fees, we would not send the parcel again unless the buyer completes those fees and pay all the return and resend cost. Buyer can not cancel the order or request refund due to this reason.
Why Our Horny Goat Weed?
Type: Aquatic Plants Style: Perennial Applicable Constellation: Virgo Flowerpot: Excluded Function: Beautifying Location: Living Room Full-bloom Period: None Cultivating Difficulty Degree: Very Easy Model Number: potted plant Variety: water grass Product Type: bonsai Plant bonsai tree Type: Garden Ornaments / decor plant Product: Garden Flowers Seeds Variety: Planta/Plante for Home Garden Use: Balcony Yard Courtyard Patio Terrace planta: Exotic seeds Product Description Packaging Details: 500 PCS SEEDS
He is the patron saint of drug addicts, political prisoners, families, journalists, prisoners, and the pro-life movement.
Credits Edited by Fifa Rahman, Nick Crofts Foreword by Marina Mahathir
Go to fixed price products : Click!
Description 100% brand new and high quality made
We only accept payments through PayPal. Please pay within 3 days after auction is finished. Please give the report to me if it is impossible. Will usually ship within 5 business days of receiving cleared payment.
2 Pieces Artifical Lawn
2pcs Weed Combi Rig Fishing Hook Ready Made Rigs Weed Line Boilie Stoppers Description:
(5) Hypoallergenic, no fragrance, no coloring, allergy tested .
However, to avoid any potential oversights, I respectfully request your assistance in helping us to make this a mutually satisfactory transaction by THOROUGHLY reviewing item description and photos, and asking all questions PRIOR TO BIDDING.
Triblus Terrestris Extract 60% Saponins
Returns: In case you received a defective item, the customer has up to 3 days from date of receipt to request for refund or exchange for a new one.
. Supports a healthy libido
Shipping -Free Shipping By India Post.For expedite Shipping Pay extra 25$. 150 $ Order will send by DHL Express deliver in 3 days.
2.This item have 3 months warranty. We offer free repairing service within 6 months from the date of purchased. If damaged is caused by undue wear and tear, dirt, misused, improper installation/operation, accident or repaired by unauthorized person, the warranty becomes void.
Color and printing: please select your desired design and let me know- otherwise blue 420 will be sent
Why Our Horny Goat Weed Blend?
Silicone Butterfly Lace Fondant Cake Mould Baking Fence Grass Key Chocolate Mold
Publisher Lap Lambert Academic Publishing Dimensions 9 in. x 6 in. About Us Grand Eagle Retail is the ideal place for all your shopping needs! With fast shipping, low prices, friendly service and over 1,000,000 in stock items - you're bound to find what you want, at a price you'll love!
For purchase above US$10 will ship by Registered airmail with a tracking number.
Transplant the seedlings in small planting trays. Fill each cup with soil and sow the seedlings in the middle of the tray about 1/2-inch into the soil. This soil should be a mixture of 50% sand and 50% organic materials.
ACTIVEINGREDIENTS : 10% Icarin
Before you pay, please Confirm your address in ebay that matching
100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE
2.Fixing the base of anti-bird netting.
Material: Seed Color: As The Picture Show Size: Full size Type: Reticulated Grass Seeds Quantity: Pack/10Pcs, Pack/50Pcs Occasion: Courtyard, Balcony, Office, Garden Features: Evergreen grass. The reticulate grass is verrucous, and the stem section is easy to root. Leaves opposite, ovoid, red veins alternating in a vertical and horizontal, forming a network. Petiole and hairs on stem; terminal spikes, yellow flowers. The plants are small and exquisite, and they are small potted plants in the foliage plants. Flowering fall from september to november. Like high temperature and humidity and semi-negative environment, growth temperature is 18 24 degC. Package Content: 1 x Pack of Seeds Note: Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.1cm 0.3937inch
Rolls perfectly spiffed shaped cigarettes
Key Details Number Of Pages 246 pages Format Hardcover Publication Date 2016-12-20 Language English Publisher CRC Press LLC Publication Year 2016
Size: 65 65 20mm
2.We request that you contact us immediately BEFORE you give us neutral or negative feedback, so that we can satisfactorily address your concerns.
Payment must be made within 4 days of auction closing
Beautifully compact body, easy to carry;
Customs duty: We ship all the product in one business days and send the product as a sample. In case of customs clearance duty will be borne by the customer itself.
PLEASE NOTE: S&H DOES NOT INCLUDE DUTIES, LOCATL TAXES OR ANY OTHER IMPORTATION FEES. Delivery details
Package Content Package Content Package Content Package Content p Package Content
Product Description Features Smoking cigarettes always leaves your hand ashy and smelling like nicotine. Then you touch your hair and your face and the smell goes everywhere. You can now avoid having nicotine smelling thanks to the smoking ring. It will hold your cigarette for you while you are smoking so that when you finish the cigar. Your fingers will not have that usual unattractive tobacco smell. It is highly adaptable and it will easily adjust on your cigar and on your hand. Thanks to its first-class material and workmanship, the smoking ring will fit the diameter of any finger without being too tight.
- If you have any questions or inquiries, please feel free to contact us, we will reply to you in 24 hours. We will reply as soon as possible.
2. Orders processed within 24-48 hours of payment verification.
We truly appreciate if you can leave us a positive feedback after you receive the item. Your feedback is important to us. In case you are not satisfied with our product or servise, please contuct us before leaving a feedback. We will try our best to resolve the issue! Your satisfaction is guaranteed from our store. Thank you very much for reading this up to here. God bless you!!
Please make sure you have a valid/confirmed PayPal account prior bidding. All PayPal Payments must be Confirmed (Shipping and billing addresses must match).
If you intend to bid for more than 1 item, then we can ship them together. But there is no further discount. If you are unsure, then please contact us before you bid. We only ship to eBay registered address. So please be assure your address in eBay is Correct and Valid.
The tag of the clothes you received is marked as Asian size. Asian size runs smaller than EU/US/UK/AU size, please check the detail size information before purchasing. If your measurement is floating between two sizes, advise choosing the larger size. (Measurements shown in the size chart refer to item measurements, not body.)
2.Please contact us to request a return authorization. Your name, auction number, and reason for
3. Wire spool diameter: 0.065 inch
Please visit our eBay store to check out other items for sale! Thank you for shopping at our store.
we hope you can contact us first . We pay great attention to every customer.
2. We modify the extraction process as per the specific herb making sure we get the full spectrum extract with maximum efficacy
2. If item is not satisfied you when you receive it, Please contact us, you can return it within 30 days for a replacement or money back.
1.We try to make sure you have a pleasant shopping experience with us, customers satisfaction is always our priority.
Made from premium, durable plastic, suitable both in salt and fresh water.
Due to stock status and time differences, we will choose to ship to item from ourfirst available warehouse for fast delivery.
Welcom to our store : newworld-2010
4. Return delivery costs are the responsibility of the buyer. We will cover the cost if sending replacement/repaired items.
Please obtain the RMA number & returned address for any return items.
Assay with HPLC / Titration / Gravimetry, Residual Solvent Analysis with GC-HS, Heavy Metal Testing with AAS, Microbiology Analysis, Impurity Profiling and Stability testing.
1. Odorless, harmless, no pollution to water quality.
usual time. Please add another 5-10 days as a delay.
Please consider the below mentioned shipping duration before you purchase from us. If you need the product urgently, please Choose expedite shipping During chekout will shipped by DHL express.
4.Buyer is responsible for the return postage. If you ask for a refund during valid period, we will offer you a refund without postage charges. Shipping and handling charges, insurance are not refundable in any case. We are only responsible for once re-sending expense for replacement due to defects.
Package included: 1 x Artificial Lotus Leaves Plant SKU:G01516 Preview:
The shipping time during Holiday Season (Christmas, Chinese New Year etc) could be longer than usual time. Please add another 5-10 days as a delay.
Included: 1 X Water Pipe Pictures
All other countries: 30 to 35 days
Product Identifiers ISBN-10 3639715136 ISBN-13 9783639715132 eBay Product ID (ePID) 246217313
1. Please allow 1-3cm differences due to manual measurement.
SEA WEED Skin Seaweed mask rich in minerals you need pack a large amount of wa-ter is supplied to the dry skin elasticity and incre-ase oxygen to the skin cells, dark and dull skin to life giving vitality and radiance of a healthy grant will restore the skin.
ship the package from Monday to Saturdays.
Items will be shipped within 2 business day on payment received.
6x RC-100-P Spool CapSprings For NST2018 NST1024 LST1018 Weed Eater Trimmer
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
3. TOTAL AMOUNT DUE includes the final auction price plus S&H (Shipping and Handling).
as we would love the opportunity to make things right.
Package: 1 x sprinkler
Custom Fees We will not be responsible for any Custom Fees you have to pay in your country.
FREE SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEE!!
Additional Details Copyright Date 2017 Illustrated Yes
That due to lighting effects, monitor's brightness / contrast settings etc, there could be some slight differences in the color tone of the pictures and the actual item! Thanks for your kindly understand.
Mini Drug Box Is Packed With Small Medicine Box One Week Travel Tablets And Drug Boxes
100 % Satisfaction Guaranteed.
5.5 in. x 8.5 in. x 0.5 in.
About Us About us
All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal.
The parcel will be shipped through Airmail, it usually takes about 2-3 weeks for European, Canada and Australian customers. (The tracking number isn't available to flat shipping.)For the other countries, the shipping time might be one week longer. Please contact me if the parcel is not delivered on time.
Package : 1 Pcs Retail Packaging (1 Pcs Pipe , 5 Pcs Screen)
1.Welcome to email us, we will give you a satisfied reply.
received & returning the item as the same condition as received.
Origin is Indonesia 200:1 Root Extract
Smoking Cigarettes/Tobacco/Weeds/Joint Holder Ring free hand Black Silicone Product gallery
It is recommended to use 4-6mm diameter filter Tips, So you can make a Slim Cone
Combines New Zealand Bee Pollen for increased energy levels and Horny Goat Weed to support testosterone levels. The addition of Zinc and Siberian Ginseng promotes overall stamina, endurance and well-being.
Material: Blue festuca seeds Feature:Small but look big Style: Beautiful garden decoration Color: Shown as the picture
Payment We ONLY ACCEPT PAYPAL Payment at the moment. Please be understanding. Thanks!
We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact. If you haven't received item in 30 days, please contact us and we will arrange refund.
EMS Registered SAL Delivery Time 4-7 days 15-30 days Tracking Number Yes Yes Insured Yes Yes
Consist of 81 small grass, delicate designed and manufactured, create beautiful scenery in your fish tank!
2.Due to the manual measurement and different measurement methods, please allow 1-3cm deviation.Thanks!
Size: Chain Length:Approx 21cm
1.After full payment is received and cleared, we will ship it ASAP
Please contact us by ebay message only.
4 Levels Mini Herb Grinder Weed Smoke Tobacco Hand Muller For Hookah Shisha Glass Bong Water Pipe
If you are not satisfied with the item for any reason you can return the item within 30 days upon receiving and get a full refund
--We can combine the shipping fee when you buy more than one. YOU BUY MORE, YOU SAVE MORE!!
1.Please understand because of the light irradiation or computer display difference, so I can't guarantee photos and real color is 100% the same.
Destination Area Cost estimated delivery time Tracking & Insurance Standard (E-packet) World wide Free! 1-4 Weeks Yes! Expedited (EMS) World wide 15$- 3-10 Days Yes!
Terms of salesAbout Item: All items sold by us are being described to the best of our abilities, as accurate as possible, and with utmost conscientiousness on our part.
Made of high quality PS, PP materials
Please check with your country's customs to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding / buying.
Toranshino medicated whitening essence EX 50g (Quasi-drug) :777
Customer first, service foremost
Drug Free Allergic Rhinitis Relief
2)If you are not satisfied with the item or is different from the description in this listing, please Contact us before leaving neutral or negative feedback, i believe communicating is best way to solve any problem.Thank you
If you are not happy, I'm not happy! Your satisfaction is our happiness! If you have any questions and have not receive the items, feel free to contact us first before leave indifferent feedback or 1-3 star good feedback and open Case. we will do our best to solve it. Anything can be resolved through communication, Your comment is very important in our business success,If you are satisfied with our total service, please take a minute to give us a 5 star positive feedback.
Return Policy & Feedback If the item is defect when you receive it or you are not satisfied with it, please return it within 14 days for a replacement or money back. But the items must be back in factory condition. Please contact us and double check the return address before you return it. If item is defective in 3 months, you can return it to us. We will send you a new replacement after receiving the defective item.
Pure & High Quality Natural Herbal Extract Powder Serving size-500mg Exp March 2020
2. Clothing Asian size is usually 2 yards smaller than the US / EU / UK, please compare carefully before ordering. 12. The real color may be slightly different from the photo, due to a variety of factors such as computer screen contrast or light.
1.All item are shipped via China Post Economy(without Tracking) Service within 48 hours .
Retaining ring hole outside diameter : 1.35'' (34.4 mm)
About Us Established in 2006 Infinite Shopping is a online retailer. We started with selling Diamond jewellery and have been adding more and more products like watches, sunglasses and more and have ever since been striving to build the business and provide the best possible customer experience.
Shipping time about 15-45 days,Standard Service takes about 15-35 business days (Except Italy,
(1) Whitening UV base with whitening active ingredient "tranexamic acid" blended.
Target Audience Group College Audience
Package include: 10000 (about 40g) x Tall Fescue Grass Seeds
We only accept PayPal payments. Please pay within 5 days after auction is finished.
This arrival to you in to time in the time it is is different. This is because there is a possibility to be stopped at customs. It is not known to me.I will respond in good faith. Please contact me to do so products do not open a case without arrival.
1.Due to the hand measurement, there have size error about 1-3cm
Color:black/white/gold/silver/green (Random colors will be selected for shipment)
Package includes: 1 x Smoking Pipes
Horny Goat Weed Extract 500mg Vegan Capsules
Product Details Synopsis Injecting drug users (IDUs) are at risk of infection with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). Independently, each of these viruses is a serious threat to health, with HIV ravaging the body's immune system, and HCV causing cirrhosis, liver cancer and liver failure. Furthermore, co-infection with HIV/HCV weakens the response to antiretroviral therapy in HIV patients. IDUs with HIV/HCV co-infection are at a 20 times higher risk of having liver-related morbidity and mortality than IDUs with HIV alone. In Viet Nam, studies to ascertain the prevalence of HIV in IDUs have found high rates, but little is known about their HCV status. Therefore this book provides IDU HIV/HCV co-infection rates, in addition to the prevalence of HCV and HIV, and identifies factors associated with these viruses among 455 IDUs at four drug treatment centers in Ha Noi, Viet Nam. The availability of information about HIV/HCV co-infection in this vulnerable group will be of benefit to investigators and programmers addressing the problems of identifying and providing more appropriate treatment to HIV-positive IDUs.
2.Please make sure you PayPal account is valid prior bidding.
Please Note The end of the title : Three-digit number is the management number. It is not related to the title of this item.
DRUGS BAG WITH ELASTICS
King Size Cones Maker Rolling Machine 110mm Cigarette Cone Cigar Roller Weed Raw
massager, vacuum, light induced heating / Slimming Treatment Device is certified with the US FDA 510(k) Number:K161892
6.If you still not received the parcel after the estimate time,PLZ contact us ASAP, a REFUND Or RESEND will be arranged to you.
Precautions ? container mouth, please well wipe. ? rarely moisture of the liquid is evaporated, crystals of whitening active ingredient is attached to the mouth. you may feel rough and touches your skin, but the quality is not a problem. ? after use, please close the cap properly. Please do not put to hit the place and the high temperature of the place of ? Date. If you ? body container of the cap and the inner plug with a cap is no longer from closing properly, please purchase each body. ? lotion W1, please pay attention to the fire. Shipping
For Detailed Health benefits of Horny Goat Weed Blend, please contact us
Delivery time depends on destination and other factors, it may takes up to 20 businessdays.
time abut 15-40 days ,
Description: 100% Brand New and Hight Quality. These are perfect for decorating cake, fondant, paste and so on. A great tool for you to make them easier. Flexible for easy removal,innovative design,soft,ever-changing style. Materials:Silicone
Title Knowledge on Health Effects of Drug Abuse Author Evelyn Mandela Angogo, Andrew Otieno Format Paperback Year
3. We will not be liable to customer for any damages beyond the amount of money that customer has actually paid us.
How To Use nCure?
If you have any queries, please contact us via ebay. We usually respond within 24 hours on weekdays.
3. Items are shipped from using Airmail reach most of the countries within 10 to 20 business days usually.
We ship to Worldwide !! Combine shipping OK!
2. Boosts Energy Levels
Color: Orange(As Pictures Show)
Growing yucca from seeds requires a lot of time and patience. If you have these things to spare, you can have a striking plant ready for your garden. Here are some steps to follow when growing a new yucca plant from seeds.
100% Brand new and high quality
Lay in paper between roller and lever, and make sure gummed side is facing you.
All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal
1PC Mini 4 Slots Portable Medical Pill Box Drug Medicine Case
Details: 60512 Colombo Algisin Blanket Weed Destroyer Algisin is a powerful and reliable blanket weed treatment. After use blanket weed will start to disappear within a few days. Within 14 days the pond will be free of blanket weed. The enzymatic effect of Algisin prevents the development of nutrients required for algae growth. The remains of the algae can easily be removed with a fine net. 1,000 ml treats 10,000 litres of water. EAN 8715897190230 Brand Colombo Material 100% Mixed Country/Region of Manufacture United States Main Colour Standard Edition Dog Size Fish
Women's letters printed black briefs panties underwear. Soft and breathable fabric, comfortable to wear. Care Instructions: Hand wash in cold water, line dry, no bleach and iron. Warm Tip: In the general case, item information will be kept secret, product will be shipped discreetly with no direct description of the item on the outside of the packaging, so you needn't worry about such personal privacy will be exposed. If you have any question about our product, please contact us, we will response you within 24 hours. Size Chart:
Material: Plastic Color: Retro White Size: Squid Length: 69cm Weight: 17g Quantity: 1 Bouquet Of Flowers 1 cm 0.3937 " Precautions:
- Magnetic lid holds cap on tightly so your ground herbs won't spill - Effortless grinding Grinder rotates smoothly reducing your herbs or tobacco to a finer consistency - Ground herbs gather in middle chamber while fine pollen filters through a mesh screen and collects in the bottom compartment. - Pollen scraper is included to gather all materials and reduce waste. - Makes a great gift Perfect for the foodie that desires culinary excellence or for anyone that enjoys freshly ground tobacco products.
Returns: We stand behind every product we sell. If you're not pleased with your purchase, please kindly contact our customer service by eBay Message "Contact seller".
Treating Drug Abusers by G Bennett ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New DESCRIPTION Treating Drug Abusers provides a clear, practical guide to current approaches. Written by practitioners for practitioners, it takes a psychological perspective to drug-taking and treatment. The authors include detailed case studies of particular treatments.
International deliveries will take 1-6 weeks.
--Replacement ONLY for wrong item sent and manufacturer defects / damages. --For valid replacement, please email me first within 7 days with required photos. Required photos should show clearly the whole and complete things of the item, for example, the original box, plastic bags, blister card and all contents. --Returned items must have all original packaging and accessories. --Returned items must be returned in "unused condition". --Returning items will also require the buyer to pay the return shipping fee. The cost of return shipping fee is NOT refundable. --After the item arrive my address, a correct / replaced item will be sent to you within 3 days --If you have any problems when you received the parcel, please contact us by e-mail or "Via ASK Seller A Question" before posting us any feedback. We will do everything in our power to remedy the problem as quickly as possible. OTHERS:
Refreshes the under eye skin area and eradicates dark circles
We Believe in fast & timely shopping, customer satisfaction is always on your first priority. Customers are responsible for duties and VAT charges by their country residence. We recommend you contact your local customs office about the VAT and Duties.
4.International buyers please note:
Suggested Use: Take one capsule taken 1 - 2 times a day.
Please check the eBay listing for accurate delivery times.
For Bulk Quantity you can contact us we can offer the best price
The delivery time may vary due to public holidays, countries, and customs etc. Thanks for your understanding! We ship item promptly and please rate us 5 star on shipping time according to ebay rules.
Made of high quality metal
A specialty shop offering a wide variety of carefully selected Japanese brand items. Unless marked "used" all of our inventory is brand new, so you can feel confident about your purchase. Even if you think to yourself, "But the item I want is only available in Japan.", make sure to consult with us before giving up hope. We will look for and suggest the best products on your behalf.
MALIE Real Natural Mask
MALIE Real Natural Mask, Korean cosmetics.
Please kindly note that the combined shipping is not provided because the shipping fee is calculated by weight. Also, the each additional item means e tly the the same color and size.
Contents: 100 ml Size: 50 50 121 (mm) abundantly blended moisturizing than collage Fundamentals series. Plenty moisturize the skin. Hypoallergenic, fragrance-free. Quasi-drugs.
Product Description Description: 1pc Portable Creative Banana Fruit Shape Tobacco Pipe Metal Weed Herb Smoking Pipes Accessory Gifts Features: Banana Fruit,creative. Light,Portable.
To UK, AU, about 30-35 days; To the other countries ,about 35-45 days .
1. Handling time is 1 day after the cleared payment
Title Liposomes/niosomes As a Drug Delivery System Author Nikhil Kasliwal Format Paperback Year
2. The eBay members must fulfill the requirement. (PayPal verified and confirmed address; the account holder must be the receiver).
Shipping Note:Please understand that international shipping has more complicated shipping procedures, international delivery is highly depended on the courier company and local customs/duties. sometimes it may be delayed a little or be lost. Please don't give me negative feedback or dispute via Ebay if you don't receive your item within 40 days, please contact us immediately for further assistance.
We only send to confirmed PayPal Address, your PayPal address must match yourshipping address.
Items AE2are usually shipped within 5 business days of payment verification except for Pre-order item.
checkout, it can't be changed once order completed.
Thank you for visiting us today.
SIZE:One Size fit Us Size 7-11/EU 37-42
Horny Goat Weed Extract 10% Icarin 500 mg Veg Capsules Free Shipping
3 Layers Chip Style Herb Herbal Tobacco Grinder Weed Grinders
Your order will be sent out within 1 business day after we received your clear payment.
1.Due to the difference between different monitors,the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the pictures.
Joint Roller Machine Size 110mm Blunt Fast Cigar Rolling Cigarette Weed Raw
CONTAIN : 500 mg
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer''s responsibility. Please check with your country''s customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying. These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges.
Returns are shipped at the customer's risk. We cannot take responsibility for items which are lost or damaged in transit.
Serious Buyer Only! Please place bid only if you agree with all the terms.
AmalthA(r) Horny Goat Weed Quite popular Herbs. Horny goat weed is known to improve hormone production and boost libido. It is a traditional Chinese herb that is called Epimedium in botanical terms (and yin yang huo in Chinese). There are a few other ways this herb can make oneaEUR(tm)s life easier aEUR" and we will see all of that in this post.
30g Artificial Grass Powder Micro Landscape Decor Home Garden DIY Accessories EP
2.We ship to ebay's address only. Please make sure your address in EBAY is matched with your shipping address before you pay.
4. Please contact for expedite shipping. Additional cost per parcel for express shipping will be USD 25
4.Order more than $40,usually will be sent by registered air mail with tracking number(takes 15-25 business days)
--please leave us the positive feedback and good detailed seller rating after you received our package and satisfied with it. as you know, every seller works hard for the positive feedback. and if you have any question with the transaction or you do not satisfied with the item, please fell free to contact with me before you leave any feedback, I will responds you within 24 hours, 100 % Satisfaction Guaranteed.
Return You can return a product for up to 30 days from the date you purchased it. Any product you return must be in the same condition you received it and in the original packaging. Please keep the receipt.
Specifications: Color: Green Material: Resin plastic Base size: approx. 4.5x5cm/1.77x1.96in Size: L: approx. 20x10x15cm/7.87x3.93x5.9in
- We ship worldwide - We accept PayPal only - Payment must be received within 3 Days from the date of purchase - We only ship to Paypal confirmed address. for international Buyers, We only Shipping to Paypal Verify user.Before you Biding,verify your paypal account please.
Delivery time depends on destination and other factors, it may takes up to 20 business days.
Product Description Portalbe, Convenience, Healthy, Fashon Gifts, You can try juice or cola besides inject water.
Converse: 1 inch 2.54cm or 1cm 0.393 inch
4. If you have not received your shipment within 30 days from payment, please inform us. We will track the shipment and get back to you as soon as possible with a reply. Our goal is customer satisfaction!
1.We are wholesale seller on ebay ,welcome your inquiry from ebay!!
only to United-States. China Stock items will be shipped by epacket
Crystal beads Product Description Size : 6 12 (mm) Type : teardrop Crystal beads(Horizontal hole) Quantity 10( Pcs ) Condition : Brand New color: same as title&picture Payment We accept only PayPal payment
2.For a free copy of the warranty, please message to us.
We offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. Your Happy & Comfortable Shopping is all we want.
Absolutely safe for fish, they won't die, rot or cause any algae problems.
We do not allow refunds or exchanges because of change of mind. Please read all description provided as a guide before you bid. While every step has been taken to ensure that we ship out correct item, there will be occasion when you receive items that are different from the description. In such case, we ask that you contact us immediately so we may remedy the situation. Your satisfaction is important to us and we value your business.
4.If you are dissatisfied for any reason, please contact us before leaving feedback,we do our
4. Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
(Fast Delivery Co-operated BETWEEN USPS & CHINA POST) WITH TRACKING NUMBER
Warranty 12 months Warranty. Buy with confidence!
Features - Replacement spool is compatible with most for BLACKDECKER string trimmers including: GH400, GH500, GH600, GH610, GH900, GH912, ST6600, ST7000, ST7700, CST1000, CST1200, CST2000, MTC220, MTE912, NST2018, NST1118, NST2118, LST220, LST300, LST400, LST420, LST136 - Premium 30-foot,0.065 inch replacement line - Auto feed system replacement spool eliminates time spent on hand-winding string trimmers
Thanks for your business.
SHIPPING Shipping And Handling Fee for all countries :
-International Buyers-Please Note: a)Import dutiesm taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges .These charges are the buyer's responsibility. b)Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying. Thank you!
