Last post by 47 Rigil in 48 Drug perspectives on July 22, 2016, 04:32:23 pm
Last post by 51 Reason in 52 MOVED: Tor Says Feds Pai... on June 27, 2016, 07:08:22 am
A place for all those posts that are just not suited to our forum
Last post by 63 dopamine in 64 Re: Is Rent-a-HAcker leg... on July 28, 2016, 12:00:25 am
Giftbox chats and security guides
05-04-2016, 08:38 PM by 17 The Giftbox Exchange
16 29 HOWTO Archive files/fol... 05-06-2016, 03:27 AM by 30 anima0
an innovative and fully automated online service, that provides runtime execution checks on 11 different antivirus systems and Windows OS. It helps you to get real situation with all types of detection by antivirus systems 12 of your files and run complex execution tests on different Windows OS versions to check workability.
This is the opportunity to execute your files and check for dynamic AV detections on real system with almost all major Antivirus (Internet Security) engines.
This is the opportunity to execute your files and make a test on workability of them on real system with almost all major Windows OS versions.
It means that your samples will be not sent to any Antivirus laboratory because we block this activity. Thus your files will be fully secure.
We provide a set of options to be customized like internet connection customization, changing execution timeout, saving DebugView logs from test machines and changing Zone:Identifier of your files. dyncheck.com report example Set of Features
AV Check & OS Test customization
You will be able to select type of scan you need, select only Antiviruses or OS you need at current time or select them all. You can change exection timeout, internet configuration and other things.
Different file types in different folders are available on test machines, like pdf, doc, xls, jpg, png, zip and etc as any user system has.
This scan type can help you to check if your files are detected dynamically by antivirus (or Internet Security) solutions while executed by all detection types.
We make our best to make reports really smart and usable. You will be able to see current status of detection type for every AV engine and even see screenshot of antivirus detection.
Proactive & Memory Detections
Our service is able to show even memory and proactive AV detections. So you will be able to see all alerts and warnings from antivirus vendors while testing your files.
The architecture of our service lets us to add unlimited numbers of backend servers.
Monthly 500 prepaid AV Checks. Cost: 499$ Internet Access Configuration Execution Timeout Configuration DebugView Logging Zone:Identifier Change
Monthly VIP. Unlimited AV Checks. Cost: 999$ Internet Access Configuration Execution Timeout Configuration DebugView Logging Zone:Identifier Change
Current AV's & Win OS systems are available:
360 Total Security AVG Anti-Virus Business Edition AhnLab V3 Light Avast Internet Security Avira Internet Security BitDefender Total Security BullGuard Internet Security Comodo Internet Security DrWeb Total Security Emsisoft Internet Security Eset Smart Security F-Secure Internet Security Fortinet Smart Security Kaspersky Internet Security Malwarebytes Anti-Malware McAfee Endpoint Protection Norton Internet Security Panda Internet Security Sophos Anti-Virus Symantec Endpoint Security 12 Symantec Endpoint Security 14 Trend Micro Internet Security Windows Defender Windows 10 Pro x32 Windows 10 Pro x64 Windows 7 Pro x32 Windows 7 Pro x64 Windows 7 Ultimate x32 Windows 7 Ultimate x64 Windows 8 Core x32 Windows 8 Core x64 Windows XP SP3 x32
tion navigation&inapp forums viewNewContent&search app forums View New Content index Forums index More useropts arrow
presentati 0 topics 0 replies
Need an account? tion register Register now! Username
Our site is moved to a new address. Please click on this link to reach it:
Republica Independiente de Baja California
Capcode ( ) All ( ) Only User Posts ( ) Only Moderator Posts ( ) Only Admin Posts ( ) Only Developer Posts Show Posts ( ) All ( ) Only With Images ( ) Only Without Images Deleted Posts ( ) All ( ) Only Deleted Posts ( ) Only Non-Deleted Posts Ghost Posts ( ) All ( ) Only Ghost Posts ( ) Only Non-Ghost Posts Post Type ( ) All ( ) Only Sticky Threads ( ) Only Opening Posts ( ) Only Reply Posts Results ( ) All ( ) Grouped By Threads Order ( ) Latest Posts First ( ) Oldest Posts First
Please activate JavaScript in your web browser
List Abuse: To report list abuse, send mail to abuse@riseup.net
Check on the server status To check on the status of lists.riseup.net, visit
favicon sympa 54 Sympa
User log in User registration Registrations are open
Username: Password: 3 lost pass? Submit p.gif p.gif
p.gif Torrent search p.gif
p.gif p.gif p.gif p.gif p.gif Newspost - March 19, 2015 p.gif
You can visit us there using the TOR browser:
Twitter and alt domain We finally bit the bullet and set up a twitter account. You can follow us here: 14 @DemonoidP2P Also, we have a new domain name where you can visit us,
New site functionality We are currently writing a list of possible new functionality added to the site. If you have an idea for new functionality, please let us know by
p.gif p.gif p.gif p.gif p.gif Newspost - September 19, 2014 p.gif
Forgotten usernames We've been getting a lot of emails from users who registered so long ago, they can't remember their usernames anymore. If you can't remember your username, please use 18 the following form. Thanks!
p.gif p.gif Disclaimer: .None of the files shown here are actually hosted or transmitted by this server. The links are provided solely by this site's users. The site moderation is also a service provided by the site's users. The administrator of this site (demonoid.pw) cannot be held responsible for what its users post, or any other actions of its users. You may not use this site to distribute or download any material when you do not have the legal rights to do so. It is your own responsibility to adhere to these terms.
By using this site you indicate your agreement to our 20 terms and conditions
Oasis official Forum n/index.php Index n/search.php Search n/register.php Register n/login.php Login to Oasis
You are not logged in. Topics: n/search.php?action show recent Active | n/search.php?action show unanswered Unanswered
ewtopic.php?pid 1149 p1149 Yesterday by Oasis
m.php?id 5 Vendors discussions
ewtopic.php?pid 1145 p1145 Yesterday by tasteofamsterdam
ewtopic.php?pid 1141 p1141 2016-08-23 by kaviar
m.php?id 7 Products reviews
m.php?id 9 Drugs talk and safety
ewtopic.php?pid 833 p833 2016-06-06 by MDMAmphetamineUSA
m.php?id 10 Scam reports and warnings
Board Message sex stories You are either not logged in or do not have permission to view this page. This could be because one of the following reasons:
Dev.SN is dead developers
