Well I had a great 4th of july and I am working on some videos and photos to post soon. Also i have some video and photos of a 3/4lb MEKPAN charge I did recently. Check back soon for updates!
DO NOT smoke when anywhere near fireworks!
Know the chemical properties before using any kind of chemical. Know what you are dealing with and realize the potentially unstable states of chemicals.
Also note that there are many other flash powder mixtures out there but i feel that this is the safest and more powerful of the mixtures out there. This is the same mix used in commercial m80's and salutes.
Now fill the tube though the bottom with flash powder. I use a folder index card with the powder on it to fill the tubes. Now cap off the end of the tube with epoxy and let it dry. You now have a finished firecracker.
Read the back of the package for the list of contents. It should say ammonium nitrate.
I wouldn't store this starting fire mix without the addition of some boric acid to keep the potassium nitrate from reacting with the aluminum.
Iron Oxide (Fe2O3) 75%
the video of the ferroaluminum thermite burn test.
This is commonly referred to as acetone peroxide because it is a mixture of isomers. It is also called tricycloacetoneperoxide, triacetonetriperoxide, TATP, AP, TCAP, and 3,3,6,6,9,9-hexamethyl-1,2,4,5,7,8-hexoxonane.
Here is a burn test of some still damp Acetone Peroxide (less than 1 gram in the open).
Sky rockets are great fun but are a little more complicated of a firework to make. You can't just ram the propellant in a case and make it fly; you have to have a core through it to give it the power it needs to fly.
Pick up a 7/16-inch dowel rod at the hardware store and cut it to a length of about 1 foot. Measure in 3-3/8 inches from the end of this rod and make a mark. Wrap masking tape at this mark so you have the 3-3/8 inches of wood showing. Build up the masking tape so it is pretty think and you can insert the wood part in the CPVC tube and the tape stops it from going any further. This is you depth gauge for making the nozzle of the engine.
Steel rod pushed through holes in board.
bending the excess rod on top.
Powdered sugar can be found just about everywhere. It is found at your local grocery store. This stuff works great as a fuel for skyrockets. Make sure you don't get the regular granulated sugar.
Other synthesis on this site requires a much higher concentration of hydrogen peroxide. The 3% that you can buy in most stores will not work for other explosives other than acetone peroxide. But you can also buy 27% hydrogen peroxide as a non-chlorine swimming pool sanitizer. I bought a gallon of this as iBaquacil Ultra shock and oxidizeri at Alpine pool and spa for about 15 dollars. It came in a purple jug inside a plastic bag with warning labels on it. Look on the label on the front to make sure it says icontains: 27% hydrogen peroxidei. Most pool suppliers should carry this stuff but note that most regular stores will not have it.
Ok so now that you have your irock tumbleri you need something to grind with. For grinding black powder and rocket fuel I use marbles. You can use lead shot from the gun department or brass also works (you can cut up a brass rod from the hardware store to make milling media). Never use steel! Because steel balls can spark and that will equal a bad time for you if your grinding black powder or other flammable mixture. Also don't grind mixtures that are unstable or sensitive. NEVER GRIND FLASH POWDER!!!!!
Picric acid is both a useful explosive compound and a precursor to other explosives. It is stable unless old, it will form a very unstable crystalline structure after many years. Today picric acid is used in detonators or booster charges. Picric acid reacts with metals to form unstable and explosive picrates such as lead picrate so keep this chemical away from metals.
Now measure out 100ml of water and weigh out 200grams of ice. Place the ice and water in a large glass container and then add the cooled TNP mix by scraping it all in to the same jar.
Left Crude TNP with 50ml water. Right Some purified TNP for burn test. Note this was not all of the the TNP but only a portion.
(Left) PVC pipes different sizes.
(Right) A 2" mortar.
After the paste dries a little and it will keep it's shape poke a hole in the center of it with a pencil or dowel rod with a similar diameter. Make this hole so it goes half way through the grain. This will make it so the comet burns a little faster and hopefully it will be done burning before it comes back down to the ground.
Now tape the entire tube up to make it look a little better and to secure everything in place. You now have a comet that is ready to be fired. Just drop this in a 2 inch mortar and you are ready to go.
Finished black match drying.
Hexamethylenetetramine or hexamine for short can be purchased as an emergency stove or a camping stove fuel. The military used to use hexamine stoves for cooking meals in the field. You can try military surplus stores for hexamine fuel. I found hexamine at a local farm supply store as Coghlan's Emergency Stove. It came with a stove and 24 fuel tablets, which are hexamine. I got this all for $6.00. The tablets must be ground to a fine powder before use. I suggest using a mortar and pestle.
Hexamethylenetriperoxidediamine, or for short HMTD, is another peroxide explosive similar to acetone peroxide. It has slightly more power than acetone peroxide but it is just as sensitive. This compound is still very dangerous and sensitive so extreme caution should be used. HMTD is also reactive with metals and can explode so contact with metal should be avoided. The synthesis is still relatively easy but the chemicals required may be harder to come by than acetone peroxide.
First measure out 25mL of 27% hydrogen peroxide. This synthesis will not work with 3% hydrogen peroxide. I tried using 3% and I got no yield at all of HMTD so you must use more concentrated hydrogen peroxide.
Now weigh out 7 grams of hexamine powder and weigh out 10.5 grams of citric acid powder.
Citric acid is used as a catalyst for the reaction. HCl can be used instead but this will result in lower yields.
Add some water to the solution and mix it up and filter out the crystals. Wash with some more water and some sodium bicarbonate water. Let the crystals dry at room temperature.
Thunder from a clear blue sky.
You have the right to think about anything. You have the right to learn about anything. You have the right to talk about anything. You have the right to write about anything. You have the right to create. You have the right to make decisions. You have the right to make mistakes. You have the right to change your mind. You have an obligation to fix what is broken. You have an obligation to help other people. You have an obligation to get along with people with whom you disagree. You have an obligation to make this world a better place. You have an obligation to succeed. You may decide with whom you want to associate. You may decide whom you want to avoid or ignore. You may try to persuade people to see things your way but people do not have to listen to you. You do not have the right to force anyone to do anything. You have sovereignty over your own body, what you choose to put into, to do to or with it is up to you. Your rights end where my body begins.
Rick Simpson Oil Suppositories You can put these in your anus or vagina or simply just eat them but they are obviously designed for the first two options. We heard of a case where a 10 yr old child simply could not ingest the raw oil. The child had received a nasty unsafe vaccine and was left with stunted growth and mind, virtually paralyzed and suffering from epileptic seizures, where on several occasions so severe the child required resuscitation. No traditional or natural medicines helped! By being able to administer with these in the anus the child now only suffers milder seizures and milder effects in all other areas. No doubt this particular illness is severe and sadly not fully curable but with these their suffering has been significantly reduced. Ingredients: RSO and cocoa butter Product Price Quantity 10 x Rick Simpson Oil Suppositories 40 EUR 0.067 Bh. 20 x Rick Simpson Suppositories 75 EUR 0.126 Bh. 30 x Rick Simpson Oil Suppositories 105 EUR 0.177 Bh. Copyright (c) 2012-2016 eucanai4dkgss7tj
Rick Simpson Oil Creams Rick Simpson cream ideal for daily use and each cream contains approximately 0.05ml RSO. This is great for dry skin and virtually any other minor skin ailments. We stock different flavors and you can select your choice below. Ingredients: Whipped shea butter, almond oil, panthenol, 100% natural essential oil of orange (vanilla, lavender, citronella, orange, green tea, men perfume scent) For a stronger medicinal topical product look at our ointment. Product Price Quantity 50ml Orange RSO cream 17 EUR 0.029 Bh. 50ml Lavender RSO cream 17 EUR 0.029 Bh. 50ml Green Tea RSO Cream 17 EUR 0.029 Bh. Copyright (c) 2012-2016 eucanai4dkgss7tj
Rick SImpson Oil Soaps Each soap contains approximately 0.02ml RSO dependent on size. We stock different flavors and sizes. The soap can optionally be made from goats milk rather than glycerin which is available as an upgrade in the shipping options. Ingredients: Glycerine soap, almond oil, RSO and (citronella, lavender, orange, green tea, vanilla) Ingredients w/ goat's milk: Glycerine soap with goat's milk, shea butter, avocado oil, RSO, coconut oil, almond oil, hemp oil and (citronella, lavender, orange, green tea, vanilla) Product Price Quantity 20g Peppermint RSO Soap 6 EUR 0.01 Bh. 80g Peppermint RSO Soap 15 EUR 0.025 Bh. 120g Peppermint RSO Soap 20 EUR 0.034 Bh. 20g Citronella RSO Soap 6 EUR 0.01 Bh. 80g Citronella RSO Soap 15 EUR 0.025 Bh. 120g Citronella RSO Soap 20 EUR 0.034 Bh. 20g Lavender RSO Soap 6 EUR 0.01 Bh. 80g Lavender RSO Soap 15 EUR 0.025 Bh. 120g Lavender RSO Soap 20 EUR 0.034 Bh. Copyright (c) 2012-2016 eucanai4dkgss7tj
Are you a drugs paraphernalia seller? Promote and showcase your listing here.
Are you a miscellaneous seller? Promote and showcase your listing here.
Review fraud related sellers here.
Review digital goods sellers here.
Review ebooks & guides sellers here.
Received the goods after 7 days. Normal stealth, but could be better
nice smoke fast delivery.
best price for this hash
Great transaction, mafe it to the u.s
Good vendor, good quality :)
Apr 27, 2016 10:45
very fast shipping,good quality Polm hash and 20% overwheight,thanks
--BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-- Hash: SHA256 hi everyone! I do understand the confusion, it was just a soft launch of adding a new vendor saviornalox, who while not a super huge vendor and fairly new, is plenty well trusted with good feedback and good product, great shipping speed to USA. I apologize if anyone is offended by the new products offered, all are meant to be for medical use only, that means every 3 months a good dose a MDMA might be good for you. For LSD, the same maybe good, or micro dosing as your doctor recommends. We are in the spirit of good medicine for the people and the planet and do not encourage reckless drug use, but now you'll be able to get products from saviornalox as easily as you do from me. So turn on, tune in, drop out, and let's save the planet if we just stop killing each other, stop factory farming, and so forth and plant some fruit trees and hemp. medibuds 19 July 2016 --BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-- Comment: GPGTools - iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXjoTNAAoJEM5GQctRwDV0nfcH/3vbLsp76v2w/2YXlFa7WA4k UqqVgQlAAS3ryNCi8KM3muS4JY5AOAPigKx/611X8CnkoQRudKY/qJRbeRyOe6EE 8X0eDPtMWDUwB/ouD3HC54KtRClH sZOjRBx1blJ2PWOAOuB6tXHUGsrso7mvgvY /cu5F98XTUr894jygoG45JdzsEm mEwF2FPcakFnDaXz8jaUmB7i3bkcOTqiXQDf 55dDWfJ7 kNbR3AhHZ4g2FRdHG8SZzfFEIjj9NoSOVqnSmZ0fljwxhXPPuUZ6okO 6DRHZSGft60cSPfZgS/oyLt8Lu3kyx5oakjaNlBseay3KMvuRh0st0/liD 4kOo ctcn --END PGP SIGNATURE-- Njoa1oq
Now it's illegal, a source of cheap, pure MPA in the UK
I will post 1g of MPA anywhere in the UK for the 53 Bitcoin equivalent of a tenner.
MPA is one of the first - and as it happens - one of my favourites.
This is the shit! I spent an hour kicking a hole through the side of a donkey. It wasn't even mine. LOL
Why is it that when chems are made illegal / criminilised, the price goes up, that quality goes down and they just have something else to do you for. yeah and you have to spend 5 pound on a pint.
One really important thing to note is that bitcoins are not anonymous - in theory traceable back to your bank account. It's generally wise to "tumble" bitcoins using a service such as
the UK >> 250 alternate 251 alternate
We've been a part of Silk Road v1 and v2, Sheep Marketplace, Black Market Reloaded, Evolution, Agora, Middle Earth and Black Bank. We are still on Dream Market and The Majestic Garden. 10 Read more. logo
