Kamagra 100mg Generic Viagra(tm) Tablets are a very popular, successful and widely accepted treatment for erectile dysfunction. Manufactured by Ajanta Pharma in clinical 'clean room' conditions, Kamagra is produced to a high quality standard to ensure safety and effectiveness. Patients using Kamagra regularly report successful intercourse and generally continue to use the treatment. The effective treatment time of Kamagra is 4 - 6 hours but many GPs report longer effective times. The active ingredient of Kamagra is Sildenafil Citrate. It belongs to the PDE-5 family of vasodilators. These drugs work by dilating the blood vessels in the body; particularly around the genital area. This in turn, allows stronger blood flow to enable an erection to take place. Kamagra is not an aphrodisiac and stimulation will be required to develop an erection. Product Price Quantity Kamagra 100mg x 12 0.01 Bh. Kamagra 100mg x 24 0.016 Bh. Kamagra 100mg x 52 0.031 Bh. Kamagra 100mg x 100 0.044 Bh.
Kamagra Oral Jelly is a popular and effective treatment for erectile dysfunction. Unlike hard-to-swallow tablets, Kamagra Jelly sachets can be simply squeezed out onto a spoon and swallowed easily. Kamagra Oral Jelly is manufactured clinically in clean room facilities by Ajanta Pharma. Kamagra Jelly is supplied in a range of flavours and quantities may include mint, chocolate, banana, orange, mango, strawberry, pineapple and vanilla. A selection of mixed flavours will be sent in every order. Unfortunately, we are unable to send specific flavours. Kamagra Jelly is quickly absorbed into the body and patients report faster response times from 20 mins. Kamagra Oral Jelly has an effective treatment time of 4 - 6 hours but many GPs report longer times. The active ingredient of Kamagra Oral Jelly is Sildenafil Citrate. It belongs to the PDE-5 family of vasodilators. These drugs work by dilating the blood vessels in the body; particularly around the genital area. This in turn, allows stronger blood flow to enable an erection to take place. Kamagra Jelly is not an aphrodisiac and stimulation will be required to develop an erection. Product Price Quantity Kamagra Oral Jelly 100mg x 7 0.013 Bh. Kamagra Oral Jelly 100mg x 14 0.022 Bh. Kamagra Oral Jelly 100mg x 21 0.031 Bh. Kamagra Oral Jelly 100mg x 28 0.035 Bh. Kamagra Oral Jelly 100mg x 49 0.057 Bh.
Kamagra Effervescent Generic Viagra(tm) Tablets are used in the treatment of erectile dysfunction and contain 100mg of the active ingredient sildenafil citrate. Simply drop one of the tablets in a small glass of water and stir gentle. Within a minute or two, the tablet will complete dissolve in the water allowing the patient to drink the solution easily. Kamagra Effervescent disolvable tablets are manufactured in clinical controlled conditions by Ajanta Pharma and is supplied in a tube containing 7 tablets. The effective treatment time of Kamagra Effervescent is 4 - 6 hours but many GPs report longer effective times. The active ingredient of Kamagra is Sildenafil Citrate. It belongs to the PDE-5 family of vasodilators. These drugs work by dilating the blood vessels in the body; particularly around the genital area. This in turn, allows stronger blood flow to enable an erection to take place. Kamagra is not an aphrodisiac and stimulation will be required to develop an erection. Product Price Quantity Kamagra Effervescent 100mg x 7 0.011 Bh. Kamagra Effervescent 100mg x 14 0.016 Bh. Kamagra Effervescent 100mg x 21 0.022 Bh. Kamagra Effervescent 100mg x 35 0.029 Bh.
; 1 help 2 search 3 contents
Welcome, Guest. Please 4 login or 5 register. Login May 25, 2017, 07:53:38 am
0 Replies 1287 Views 19 Last post by 20 WallStreet on April 28, 2017, 06:25:37 pm
2 Replies 6167 Views 31 Last post by 32 evan on March 26, 2017, 10:17:04 am
2 Replies 6287 Views 37 Last post by 38 darkelite187 on March 22, 2017, 03:13:19 pm
Started by 47 IntentToDistribtue on March 17, 2017, 12:55:41 pm in
Advertisment - 51 Contact us
Informations for verified vendors
Verified vendors allowed to promote their drugs
Verified vendors allowed to offer their samples here
Last post by 84 Blacky in 85 Escrow information and r... on March 13, 2017, 07:40:56 pm
All about European Marketplaces
News and Rules of paid Subscriptions
All aobut MDMA and related drugs
Users Online Users Online
Most Online Today: 5. Most Online Ever: 5 (March 13, 2017, 01:27:53 pm) C The Blacklist
1 bitcoin : gbp 496.6 GBP : eur 594.32 EUR : usd
Kamagra 100mg Soft Tabs are an alternative way to take the popular Kamagra treatment for erectile dysfunction. Chewable and easy to swallow, Kamagra Soft Tabs make an ideal choice for anyone who struggles to swallow tablets. Like all medicine from Ajanta Pharma, Kamagra Soft Tabs are produced in clinically clean facilities to consistent standards. Patients using Kamagra generally report successful treatment and continue to use Kamagra. Kamagra generally lasts for 4 - 6 hours but many GPs report longer effective times. The active ingredient of Kamagra is Sildenafil Citrate. It belongs to the PDE-5 family of vasodilators. These drugs work by dilating the blood vessels in the body; particularly around the genital area. This in turn, allows stronger blood flow to enable an erection to take place. Kamagra is not an aphrodisiac and stimulation will be required to develop an erection. Product Price Quantity Kamagra Soft 100mg x 12 16 GBP 0.008 Bh. Kamagra Soft 100mg x 24 28 GBP 0.015 Bh. Kamagra Soft 100mg x 52 50 GBP 0.026 Bh. Kamagra Soft 100mg x 100 78 GBP 0.041 Bh.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Image CAPTCHA What code is in the image? Enter the characters shown in the image.
the medicinal value rather than the quantity we produce.
We deliver world wide ICE - 2 BTC per gram Cocaine - 0.5 BTC per gram Weed - 0.1 BTC per gram Transfer bitcoin to 1DEUy5hySJLiu5ENDgoUivu8jwV3f3TYD3
First class psychedelics, all reagent tested!
ALL ORDERS SHIPPED FROM EU!
Welcome to onion CandyShop candy2lnw4px2yfp We are group of Netherland's drugs manufacturers and sellers Offer you our huge stocks of ecstasy pills We ship everything with standard mail to protect your and our privacy. We do not offer track and trace. We have a success rate of 100% for domestic shipments, well above 99% for all international shipments and around 95% to AUS AVERAGE shipping times: EU 1-3 working days GER 3-5 working days US 8-10 working days AUS 10-15 working days Rest of the world: 12-16 working days To make an order mail to: mailto:candyshop@sigaint.org candyshop@sigaint.org We'll need your info: -First and Last name -Street, house number -City, zip -Country. Show prices in: | w4px2yfp .HTML?c btc BTC
We would much prefer to offer a high quality product and have repeat customers
Whats the difference between 3 and 4 heroin?
The most commonly found forms of Heroin are 3 and 4
No.3 grade Heroin is a tan-coloured, granular product often referred to as brown rock
1G Ketamine Crystals 11$
1G DMT Freebase 70$
1G MDMA Crystals 23$
1G QUALITY OUTDOOR WEED 6$
5x20mg Methadone pills 32$
Soulkush| bud for a better life
Now in your cart: No items
We are EUROPEAN supplier of cheap anabolic steroids and peptides with 98% success rate and seizure reshipment policy. Buying steroids online with us is safe and easy. We offer wide range of anabolic steroids for sale. How to 34 buy steroids with VISA?
180 Tabs x 10mg Total 1800mg
20 X 10 IU Vials (200 IU)
Testocaps -Organon (India) Androderm
Laboratories (Thailand) Deca Durabolin
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Moldova) PT-141
Ltd. (Moldova) Sustanon 250
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Moldova) Testosterone Enanthate 250
Disclaimer: 24HoursPPC.org is not responsible in any way for consequences caused by using products we distribute. We are responsible for authenticity of products we sell only. Before you purchase any of our products, you should inform yourself about proper using, effects and side effects of that product from competent person. copyright 166 www.24hoursppc.org 2002-2016 all rights reserved
/A GRADE COCAINE/ 1g 0.42 Bh. 2g 0.76 Bh. 5g 2.0 Bh. 10g 3.81 Bh. 20g 6.93 Bh.
enable JavaScript to see the Converter!
Feed 3 The Going Postal Group >> My Account
Primary Menu 7 Skip to content
Once all of the acetone has drained thru, carefully remove the filter paper containing the newly cleaned and now beautiful crystals and place it between three or four paper towels. Fold the towels over the filter paper and press firmly on the cocaine to absorb any additional acetone. Discard paper towels and place the somewhat dried filter paper still containing the crystyals under a heat lamp for approx. 20 minutes. Remove from under heat lamp.
1 - Procure the basic chemicals required for the wash. These are pure acetone, pure TCM (chloroform) and anhydrous calcium chloride.
6 - Add 15ml of acetone to the cocaine, stir, cover and leave for 5 minutes
Glass Evaporation Dish - Any large completely flat dish can be used for evaporation. A pyrex baking tray can be used if cleaned correctly before use
Amount - 15ml per 1gram of cocaine
Put 1 gram cocaine in shot glass...crush as much as possible...add 15ml Dry Acetone...swirl around for a minute...put playing card and weight on top of shot glass and let sit till particles settle...about a minute.. siphon off acetone only...repeat with 10ml, and repeat again with 5ml...Vacum filter remaining cocaine or pour into cone type coffee filter...use a little fresh dry acetone to wash out shot-glass and pour into filter then a little more fresh dry acetone over cocaine in filter...press filter between fingers to get out last drops of acetone...use hair dryer on low blowing thru filter to dry further...lay out on plate and chop as finely as you can...let sit for a day...crush into fine powder and let sit for at least one more day although 3-4 more days is best to evaporate all acetone and let cocaine cure...have patience, or keep some unwashed to do while your waiting, but you want to wait at least minimum of two days after wash before snorting, and waiting 4-5 will dramatically improve taste and absorption of final product...and there you have it...best of luck!!
Cannabis/Weed Methamphetamine/Ice Heroin Cocaine Ecstasy Pills
We work with suppliers accross the country to provide the products we offer.
Lovely looking and smelling hydro buds dried and cured to perfection this is high quality weed.
Capture44 ea0143a3f5ea331b38e1fe1c7e2ed275 800 800
High purity and uncut by ourselves this product is high quality, you wont be disapointed
We are an Australian organization specializing in drug supply for the Australian market. Over the years the creators of OzDrugsExpress saw a need to reduce violence in the drug trade and also the need to move drug dealing off the streets and into the online realm where the chance of getting caught is much lower than buying your drugs on the street from dangerous and sometimes scarce drug dealers
Ill let you in on a little secret. Domestic mail in Australia is not scanned by any sort of customs or border force, that's right no sniffer dogs or x-ray machines are used for domestic mail. This means the 100% safe arrival of your products every time you order with us.
We are understanding when it comes to people thinking we are a scam, but think for a moment, if we were a scam would our prices be set to what they are. If we were a scammer we would be advertising at much lower prices. Why go to the time of setting up a system with anonymous bitcoin payments on a dark net site. We have put alot of work onto the site and hope that you have some faith in us. Thankyou
3.5 grams - $700 ($200 per gram)
You MUST enable JavaScript to use this site. You can not use it otherwise.
Hello, dear traveller, and welcome to the GammaGoblin Universe.
We've been a part of Silk Road v1 and v2, Sheep Marketplace, Black Market Reloaded, Evolution, Agora, Middle Earth and Black Bank. We are still on Dream Market and The Majestic Garden. 16 Read more.
7g Organic Chronic 80 EUR 0.133 Bh. 14g Organic Chronic 147.5 EUR 0.244 Bh. Copyright(c) 2012-2013 eucanna.com & rso4h34eooxjlg75
Rick Simpson Oil Creams Rick Simpson cream ideal for daily use and each cream contains approximately 0.05ml RSO. This is great for dry skin and virtually any other minor skin ailments. We stock different flavors and you can select your choice below. Ingredients: Whipped shea butter, almond oil, panthenol, 100% natural essential oil of orange (vanilla, lavender, citronella, orange, green tea, men perfume scent) For a stronger medicinal topical product look at our ointment. Product Price Quantity 50ml Orange RSO cream 17 EUR 0.028 Bh. 50ml Lavender RSO cream 17 EUR 0.028 Bh. 50ml Green Tea RSO Cream 17 EUR 0.028 Bh. Copyright(c) 2012-2013 eucanna.com & rso4h34eooxjlg75
We offer you straight-forward high-quality GBL (99,99%). Farmaceutical
HI-HEAT COCAINE (Current Batch: Dec. 12)
CRYSTAL METH ICE SHARDS (Current Batch: Dec. 20)
WHITE GOING POSTAL (Current Batch: Aug. 2) Mandelin Test Results - Image Coming Marquis Test Results - Image Coming
H4 - Image Coming
Leave a Reply 50 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
Top Shelf medical grade grown on the best coast. ( OG Kush in picture, currently available OG Kush and Guerrilla Glue. No other pictures available at this time ) Ounce $275 Half LB $1600 Full LB $2,900 ( Plus $25 for overnight shipping, possibly more depending on how large your order is ) BlackArrow@Sigaint.org
Pineapple Express 4 out of 5
EUR 15.00 30 Select options
EUR 14.00-EUR 100.00 32 Select options
DEL: $99.95 :DEL INS: $89.95 :INS Sale! colorado-weed-strain-mujica-suave-slider
Wishlist yith wcwl wishlist
Shop >> 3185 The Pot Shop >> PGP
Champagne MDMA 84% purity crystal
Methylone M1 Crystals Weight: 10 gram
1kg Alprazolam HCL 7800 EUR 90 Converse CONS Pro Blaze is now 91 in your shopping cart
SHIPPING: DISPATCHED 1ST CLASS NEXT WORKING DAY IF ORDERED BEFORE 2PM! USE A BITCOIN CONVERTOR TO SEE HOW MUCH TO SEND US.
IF YOUR QUESTION HAS NOT BE ANSWERED DONT BE SHY! ASK AWAY!
A: Sure send us a email to discuss your needs!
Q: What is your policy for data protection?
A: Once your order is placed there is no reason why you would not get it! after all it certainly has not been seized(it cant possibly be! we take pride in stealthing out our orders very seriously! If the reason for your order not arrving is known to us then we will almost definetly offer you a full refund.
Q: How long will it take to recieve my delivery and how much will it cost?
A: Once your order has been placed we are only able to make changes if you get in contact with us within first few hours of ordering. We process everything as quickly as we can! and cannot ammend your order without charge once it is packaged.
STEP 2 Write an e-mail to: CharlieUKontor@sigaint.org
Order today! and you wont be dissapointed! Test our integrity, and our product! FIRST TIME BUYERS SHOULD TEST OUR SERVICE BY BUYING NO MORE THAN 0.3GRAMS. IF YOUR HAPPY YOU CAN ALWAYS COME BACK FOR MORE!
CharlieUK operates a strict no refund policy. We only refund if its a blatant and known quality issue!! REFUNDS ARE NOT GIVEN TO CHEATERS WHO CLAIM THEIR PRODUCTS NEVER ARRIVED JUST TO TRY GETTING MORE!!
WE NOW SHIP WORLDWIDE(IF YOUR IN A HIGH RISK COUNTRY YOU MAY BE CHARGED EXTRA!)
, . QIWI ( ) .
Coffee Shop grade Cannabis
Subscribe to the News
more than 20 pills of Generic Priligy, Generic Propecia or any Erectile Dysfunction drug.
Generic Kemadrin is used for treating Parkinson disease. 495 ... More Info
Generic Requip is used for treating Parkinson disease and restless leg syndrome (RLS). 515 ... More Info
0.25/0.5/1/2mg $ 0.67 516
Generic Cymbalta is used for treating depression and generalized anxiety disorder. It is also used for managing pain caused by fibromyalgia and diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPNP). 669 ... More Info
Generic Claritin is used for relieving symptoms of seasonal allergies such as runny nose, sneezing, itchy, watery eyes or itching of the nose and throat. 867 ... More Info
Generic Zyrtec is used to prevent or treat symptoms of hay fever and to treat cold or allergy symptoms such as sneezing, itching, watery eyes, or runny nose. It is also used to treat itching and swelling caused by chronic urticaria (hives). 907 ... More Info
Fluticasone is used to prevent asthma attacks. It will not treat an asthma attack that has already begun. Fluticasone HFA and Fluticasone Diskus are sometimes used together with an oral (taken by mouth) steroid medicine. 911 ... More Info
Fluticasone nasal is used to treat nasal symptoms such as congestion, sneezing, and runny nose caused by seasonal or year-round allergies. Fluticasone nasal is for use in adults and children who are at least 2 years old. 915 ... More Info
Generic Amoxil is used for treating infections caused by certain bacteria. It is also used with other medicines to treat H. pylori infection and ulcers of the small intestines. Amoxil is a penicillin antibiotic. It works by killing sensitive bacteria. 1049 ... More Info
Generic Augmentin is used in the treatment of lower respiratory, middle ear, sinus, skin, and urinary tract infections that are caused by certain specific bacteria. These bacteria produce a chemical enzyme called beta lactamase that makes some infections particularly difficult to treat. 1053 ... More Info
Generic Ceclor is used in the treatment of ear, nose, throat, respiratory tract, urinary tract, and skin infections caused by specific bacteria, including staph, strep, and E. coli. Uses include treatment of sore or strep throat, pneumonia, and tonsillitis.
Generic Chloromycetin is an antibiotic that is clinically useful for serious infections caused by organisms susceptible to its antimicrobial effects when less potentially hazardous therapeutic agents are ineffective or contraindicated. 1081 ... More Info
Fusiderm B cream is indicated for the treatment of eczematous dermatoses including atopic eczema, infantile eczema, stasis eczema, contact eczema and seborrhoeic eczema when secondary bacterial infection is confirmed or suspected. 1113 ... More Info
Generic Vantin is used for treating mild to moderate infections caused by certain bacteria. It works by fighting bacteria in your body and is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria.
Tinidazole is used to treat certain infections caused by bacteria, such as infection of the intestines or vagina. It is also used to treat certain sexually transmitted infections. 1201 ... More Info
Generic Depakote is used for controlling certain types of seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat the manic phase of bipolar disorders (manic-depressive illness) and to prevent migraine headaches. 1335 ... More Info
Generic Keppra is an anti-epileptic drug, also called an anticonvulsant. Generic Keppra is used to treat partial onset seizures in adults and children who are at least 1 month old. Generic Keppra is also used to treat tonic-clonic seizures in adults and children who are at least 6 years old, and myoclonic seizures in adults and children who are at least 12 years old. 1343 ... More Info
Generic Videx Delayed-Release is used for treating HIV infection in adults when used in combination with other medicines. 1375 ... More Info
Generic Celexa is used for treating depression. 1521 ... More Info
Generic Desyrel is used for treating depression. 1529 ... More Info
Generic Elavil is prescribed for the relief of symptoms of mental depression. It is a member of the group of drugs called tricyclic antidepressants. 1541 ... More Info
Betamethasone and Clotrimazole cream contains a combination of betamethasone and clotrimazol. Betamethasone is steroid that reduces itching, swelling, and redness of the skin. Clotrimazole is an antifungal medication that fights infections caused by fungus.
Generic Celebrex is used for treating rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, juvenile arthritis or menstrual pain. It is also used in familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) to decrease the number of polyps (growths) in the rectal area. 1905 ... More Info
Generic Colcrys is used for treating and preventing pain associated with gouty arthritis. 1909 ... More Info
Lodine is used to relieve the inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain of osteoarthritis (the most common form of arthritis) and rheumatoid arthritis. It is also used to relieve pain in other situations. 1993 ... More Info
Generic Albenza is used for treating certain tapeworm infections. It works by killing sensitive parasites. 2131 ... More Info
Generic Aralen is used for treating and suppressing acute attacks of certain strains of malaria and a certain type of parasitic infection (extraintestinal amebiasis). 2135 ... More Info
Generic Rebetol is used for treating hepatitis C infection in certain patients when used in combination with interferon. 2301 ... More Info
Generic Truvada are antiviral drug that work by preventing HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) cells from multiplying in the body. Generic Truvada is used to treat HIV, which causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). This medicine is not a cure for HIV or AIDS. Generic Truvada is also used together with safer-sex practices to reduce the risk of becoming infected with HIV. You must be HIV-negative to use Generic Truvada for this purpose. This medication may not provide protection from disease in every person. 2309 ... More Info
Generic Zovirax is an antiviral drug. It slows the growth and spread of the herpes virus so that the body can fight off the infection. Acyclovir will not cure herpes, but it can lessen the symptoms of the infection. Acyclovir is used to treat infections caused by herpes viruses. Illnesses caused by herpes viruses include genital herpes, cold sores, shingles, and chicken pox. 2321 ... More Info
4free.gif We add 4 gift Generic Viagra Soft pills to every order for more than 20 pills of Generic Priligy, Generic Propecia or any Erectile Dysfunction drug (except of brand Viagra, brand Cialis, brand Levitra). 10free.gif We add 10 gift Generic Viagra pills to every order for more than 60 pills of Generic Priligy, Generic Propecia or any Erectile Dysfunction drug (except of brand Viagra, brand Cialis, brand Levitra). 20free.gif We add 20 gift Generic Viagra pills to every order for more than 100 pills of Generic Priligy, Generic Propecia or any Erectile Dysfunction drug (except of brand Viagra, brand Cialis, brand Levitra).
We offer free Standard Airmail Service for all orders for more than
1. After you place an order with us, submit 5 or more e-mail addresses
What is this medicine?
What should I tell my health care providers before I take this medicine?
They need to know if you have any of these conditions: asthma kidney disease an unusual or allergic reaction to amoxicillin, other penicillins, cephalosporin antibiotics, other medicines, foods, dyes, or preservatives pregnant or trying to get pregnant breast-feeding
If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you can. If it is almost time for your next dose, take only that dose. Do not take double or extra doses.
amiloride birth control pills chloramphenicol macrolides probenecid sulfonamides tetracyclines
Tell your doctor or health care professional if your symptoms do not improve in 2 or 3 days. Take all of the doses of your medicine as directed. Do not skip doses or stop your medicine early.
Where should I keep this medicine?
Store between 68 and 77 degrees F (20 and 25 degrees C). Keep bottle closed tightly. Throw away any unused medicine after the expiration date.
What should I tell my health care provider before I take this medicine?
Do not take this medicine with any of the following medications: nitrates like amyl nitrite, isosorbide dinitrate, isosorbide mononitrate, nitroglycerin
Generic Cialis Super Force
Cialis Super Force cialis-super-force
Do not take this medicine with any of the following: cisapride methscopolamine nitrate nitrates like amyl nitrite, isosorbide dinitrate, isosorbide mononitrate, nitroglycerin nitroprusside other tadalafil products
Currently, there are no documented drug-drug interactions associated with dapoxetine. Pharmacokinetic studies have been conducted to determine if dapoxetine has any drug interactions with tadalafil and sildenafil; as well as with ethanol. Both studies demonstrated no significant interactions when the combination was administered. Due to the lack of current information, it is too early to speak about other potential drug interactions.
If you have diabetes, this medicine may affect blood sugar levels. Check your blood sugar. Talk to your doctor or health care professional if you notice changes.
Manufacturer: Axon / Dadha Pharma Ltd. / Centurion
TADALAFIL is used to treat erection problems in men. Also, it is currently in Phase 3 clinical trials for treating pulmonary arterial hypertension.
CIPROFLOXACIN is a quinolone antibiotic. It can kill bacteria or stop their growth. It is used to treat many kinds of infections, like urinary, respiratory, skin, gastrointestinal, and bone infections. It will not work for colds, flu, or other viral infections.
How should I take this medicine?
You can take this medicine with food or on an empty stomach. It can be taken with a meal that contains dairy or calcium, but do not take it alone with a dairy product, like milk or yogurt or calcium-fortified juice.
Do not take this medicine with any of the following: cisapride droperidol terfenadine tizanidine
You may get drowsy or dizzy. Do not drive, use machinery, or do anything that needs mental alertness until you know how this medicine affects you. Do not stand or sit up quickly, especially if you are an older patient. This reduces the risk of dizzy or fainting spells.
Avoid antacids, aluminum, calcium, iron, magnesium, and zinc products for 6 hours before and 2 hours after taking a dose of this medicine.
Side effects that you should report to your doctor or health care professional as soon as possible: allergic reactions like skin rash, itching or hives, swelling of the face, lips, or tongue breathing problems confusion, nightmares or hallucinations feeling faint or lightheaded, falls irregular heartbeat joint, muscle or tendon pain or swelling pain or trouble passing urine redness, blistering, peeling or loosening of the skin, including inside the mouth seizure unusual pain, numbness, tingling, or weakness
CLOMIPHENE is a fertility drug used to increase the chance of getting pregnant. It is used to help women ovulate (produce a mature egg) properly during their cycle. Compared to other fertility treatments, clomiphene alone does not greatly increase your chances of having multiple babies. An increased chance of having twins may occur in roughly 5 out of every 100 women who take this medication. Occasionally clomiphene is prescribed to men with fertility problems due to low sperm counts.
Tell your prescriber or health care professional about all other medicines you are taking, including non-prescription medicines, nutritional supplements, or herbal products. Also tell your prescriber or health care professional if you are a frequent user of drinks with caffeine or alcohol, if you smoke, or if you use illegal drugs. These may affect the way your medicine works. Check with your health care professional before stopping or starting any of your medicines.
Make sure you understand how and when to use this medicine. You need to know when you are ovulating and when to have sexual intercourse. This will increase the chance of a pregnancy.
Compared to other fertility treatments, this medicine does not greatly increase your chances of having multiple babies. An increased chance of having twins may occur in roughly 5 out of every 100 women who take this medication.
Side effects that you should report to your doctor or health care professional as soon as possible: allergic reactions like skin rash, itching or hives, swelling of the face, lips, or tongue breathing problems changes in vision fluid retention nausea, vomiting pelvic pain or bloating severe abdominal pain sudden weight gain
Brand(s): Forcan / FCN / Flucalup / FZ
This medicine may also interact with the following medications: birth control pills cyclosporine diuretics like hydrochlorothiazide medicines for diabetes that are taken by mouth medicines for high cholesterol like atorvastatin, lovastatin or simvastatin phenytoin ramelteon rifabutin rifampin some medicines for anxiety or sleep tacrolimus terfenadine theophylline warfarin
Visit your doctor or health care professional for regular checkups. If you are taking this medicine for a long time you may need blood work. Tell your doctor if your symptoms do not improve. Some fungal infections need many weeks or months of treatment to cure.
Alcohol can increase possible damage to your liver. Avoid alcoholic drinks.
Manufacturer: RSM Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. Female Cialis is used to treat female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD) and female sexual dysfunction. It provides satisfaction in sexual needs and lasting pleasure. Package Price Per pill Savings Order 10mg x 10 pills Price:$ 14.95 Per pill:$ 1.49 Order:
If you miss a dose of Female Tadalafil, skip the missed dose. Go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store Female Tadalafil at 77 degrees F (25 degrees C). Brief storage between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C) is permitted. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Female Tadalafil out of the reach of children and away from pets.
FUROSEMIDE is a diuretic. It helps you make more urine and to lose salt and excess water from your body. This medicine is used to treat high blood pressure, and edema or swelling from heart, kidney or liver disease.
You may need to be on a special diet while taking this medicine. Check with your doctor. Also, ask how many glasses of fluid you need to drink a day. You must not get dehydrated.
Levitra Oral Jelly levitra-oral-jelly
20mg x 30 jelly Viagra Soft 100mg x 4 pills FREE bonus! Price:$ 139.99 Per jelly:$ 4.67 Savings:$ 24.98 Order:
20mg x 50 jelly Free AirMail shipping Viagra Soft 100mg x 4 pills FREE bonus! Price:$ 214.99 Per jelly:$ 4.30 Savings:$ 59.96 Order:
VARDENAFIL jelly is equivalent to regular Vardenafil. This medicine is also used to treat erection problems in men. Jelly is absorbed directly into the bloodstream, as such, requires little time to achieve the same result.
Contact your physician immediately if the erection lasts longer than 4 hours or if it becomes painful. This may be a sign of priapism and must be treated immediately to prevent permanent damage.
Manufacturer: Dadha Pharma Ltd. / Parex Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd. Levitra Soft is used to treat erection problems in men. Soft tabs are chewable and absorbed directly into the bloodstream, as such, they require a much smaller time to achieve the same result. Package Price Per soft tab Savings Order 20mg x 10 soft tab Price:$ 36.95 Per soft tab:$ 3.70 Order:
Side effects that usually do not require medical attention (report to your doctor or health care professional if they continue or are bothersome): flushing headache indigestion dizziness diarrhea dry mouth flushing indigestion insomnia nausea stuffy or runny nose
VARDENAFIL is used to treat erection problems in men. Vardenafil works faster than Sildenafil (Viagra(r)) and it is less likely to have visual disturbance side effect.
Brand(s): Blastofen / Oncomox
Visit your doctor or health care professional for regular checks on your progress. You will need regular pelvic exams, breast exams, and mammograms. If you are taking this medicine to reduce your risk of getting breast cancer, you should know that this medicine does not prevent all types of breast cancer. If breast cancer or other problems occur, there is no guarantee that it will be found at an early stage.
Side effects that usually do not require medical attention (report to your doctor or health care professional if they continue or are bothersome): fatigue hair loss, although uncommon and is usually mild headache hot flashes impotence (in men) nausea, vomiting (mild) vaginal discharge (white or clear)
This medicine may also interact with the following: certain drugs for high blood pressure certain drugs for the treatment of HIV infection or AIDS certain drugs used for fungal or yeast infections, like fluconazole, itraconazole, ketoconazole, and voriconazole cimetidine erythromycin rifampin
Known as: Poxet / Duratia Generic Priligy is used for the treatment of premature ejaculation. Select dosage 90mg Package Price Per pill Savings Order 30mg x 10 pills Price:$ 39.95 Per pill:$ 4.00 Order:
Give your health care providers a list of all the medicines, herbs, non-prescription drugs, or dietary supplements you use. Also tell them if you smoke, or use illegal drugs. Some items may interact with your medicine.
Side effects that usually do not require medical attention (report to your doctor or health care professional if they continue or are bothersome): headache diarrhea dry mouth insomnia nausea dizziness
Store at room temperature between 15 and 30 degrees C (59 and 86 degrees F). Do not freeze. Throw away any unused medicine after the expiration date.
FINASTERIDE is used for the treatment of certain types of male hair loss (Alopecia). Finasteride is not for use in women.
They need to know if you have any of these conditions: if you are female (finasteride is not for use in women) kidney disease or infection liver disease prostate cancer an unusual or allergic reaction to finasteride, other medicines, foods, dyes, or preservatives
Brand(s): Thyronorm / Eltroxin / Thyrox
Package Price Per bottle Savings Order
Generic Viagra Oral Jelly
You should never take more than one dose more than once a day.
NOTE: This medicine is only for you; don't share it with others.
50mg x 90 soft tab Viagra 100mg x 10 pills FREE bonus! Price:$ 112.50 Per soft tab:$ 1.25 Savings:$ 157.05 Order:
Do not take this medicine with any of the following: cisapride methscopolamine nitrate nitrates like amyl nitrite, isosorbide dinitrate, isosorbide mononitrate, nitroglycerin nitroprusside other sildenafil products (Revatio, Sildigra, Eriacta, etc.)
Manufacturer: Fortune Health Care / Centurion
Known as: Hindgra / Filagra / Sildenafil Tablets / Revatio Generic Viagra is used to treat male Impotence also known as Erectile Dysfunction. Also, it has been approved by US FDA for treating pulmonary arterial hypertension. Select dosage 200mg Package Price Per pill Savings Order 25mg x 10 pills Price:$ 17.95 Per pill:$ 1.79 Order:
AZITHROMYCIN is a macrolide antibiotic that interferes with the growth of bacterial cells. It is used to treat bacterial infections in many different parts of the body. Azithromycin also treats sexually transmitted vaginal or urinary tract infections caused by chlamydia. It will not work for colds, flu, or other virus infections.
Generic Cytoxan is used for treating certain types of the following cancers: lymphoma, multiple myeloma, leukemia, mycosis fungoides, neuroblastoma, ovarian cancer, eye cancer and breast cancer. It is usually used in combination with other medicines. It may also be used to treat certain kidney problems (nephrotic syndrome) in children.
Generic Xeloda is an antimetabolite. It works by interfering with the production of proteins necessary for cancer cell growth and reproduction. Treating certain types of breast, colon, or colorectal cancer in some patients. 5912 ... More Info
Generic Aggrenox is used for reducing the risk of stroke in patients who have previously had a stroke due to a blood clot in the brain. It is also used to reduce the risk of stroke in patients who have had transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). 6062 ... More Info
Generic Altace is used for treating high blood pressure or decreasing the risk of heart attack, stroke, and death in certain patients. It may be used alone or with other medicines. It is used along with other medicines to manage heart failure and improve survival after a heart attack. 6066 ... More Info
Generic Cartia XT is used for treating high blood pressure and chronic stable angina (chest pain). It may be used alone or in combination with other medicines. 6090 ... More Info
Generic Inderal LA is used for treating high blood pressure or atrial fibrillation. It is used in patients with angina to decrease angina frequency and increase exercise tolerance; to decrease the risk of heart death in certain patients who have survived a heart attack; to manage certain types of tremors, a heart condition called hypertrophic subaortic stenosis, or certain symptoms of pheochromocytoma (an adrenal tumor). It is also used to prevent migraine headaches. 6118 ... More Info
Generic Isordil Sublingual is used for preventing symptoms of angina (chest pain) caused by heart disease. This medicine is used alone or with other medicines. This medicine is NOT intended for the immediate relief of acute attacks of angina. 6126 ... More Info
Generic Pletal is used for reducing attacks of intermittent claudication (pain, cramping, numbness, or weakness in the foot, hip, thigh, or buttocks) that may occur after walking. 6158 ... More Info
Generic Capoten is used for treating high blood pressure, heart failure or certain diabetic kidney problems. It is used to improve survival and decrease heart failure in certain patients after a heart attack. It may be used alone or in combination with other medicines. 6182 ... More Info
Generic Glucophage is an oral antidiabetic medication used to treat type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes. 6622 ... More Info
Generic Metaglip is used for lowering blood sugar levels in combination with diet and exercise in patients with type 2 diabetes. 6650 ... More Info
Generic Levitra is used to treat sexual function problems such as Impotence or Erectile Dysfunction. 6974 ... More Info
Kamagra(r) Oral jelly contains the same ingredients and performs in a similar way to its more expensive counterpart Viagra. It is produced by Ajanta Pharma (India). Kamagra(r) Oral jelly is used in the treatment of erectile dysfunction in men. 7002 ... More Info
Silagra(r) is a Viagra(r) equivalent. It is manufactured by Cipla. Like Viagra(r), Silagra(r) is used in the treatment of Erectile Dysfunction and Impotence. 7010 ... More Info
Hard On Oral Jelly
Avana(r) - is Sunrise Remadies's brand of Avanafil. It relaxes muscles and increases blood flow to particular areas of the body. It is used to treat erectile dysfunction (impotence). 7066 ... More Info
Penegra is used to treat male Impotence also known as Erectile Dysfunction. Also, it has been approved by US FDA for treating pulmonary arterial hypertension. 7086 ... More Info
Cialis Oral Jelly is an Erectile Dysfunction drug made in a form of jelly, sorted in a compact sache. In comparison to other ED products it dissolves much faster that's why starts acting already in 20 minutes, moreover it has a pleasant taste. 7110 ... More Info
Suhagra(r) is used to treat male impotence. Being as effective as all other Sildenafil brands, it supplements with the wide range of ED treatment products well. This is a brand medicine manufactured by Cipla. 7130 ... More Info
Generic Viagra Strips is used to treat male Impotence also known as Erectile Dysfunction. 7174 ... More Info
Generic Levitra Oral Jelly is used for Impotence treatment. This medicine is more easily swallowed than tablets and therefore is suitable for elderly people and people who have difficulty in swallowing. 7178 ... More Info
Are the medications in your list brand name pills?
The difference between a brand name medicine and a generic one is in the name, shape, color and in the price. A generic drug is usually called by the name of the active ingredient while a manufacturer uses a brand name. However, a manufacturer cannot possess a patent for a certain chemical agent, this is why manufacturers of generic medications can legally produce the so-called "generics". They are the same chemically and since the active ingredient is identical, they have the same medical effect. Thus buying a generic medication one pays less but gets the very same result.But we ought to mention that only once you follow all the instructions of your health care provider you get the intended effect.
How can I be sure in the quality of the pills you offer?
High quality of the medications we offer is the subject of our primary concern. The logic is very simple: the better the quality of goods is, the more customers we have. Thus we are very attentive and selective in the choice of the supplier, the quality of goods is thoroughly tested and the documentation is closely checked. The medications are manufactured in India by an Indian state licensed, Indian FDA approved company.
What is the shelf life of the pills?
Please, check the table below: Drug Name Dosage Time before it starts to act How to take Fatty food/alcohol Effect lasts Viagra 50mg, 100mg 1 hour take with a glass of water no 3-4 hours Viagra Soft 50mg, 100mg 15 - 20 minutes to be chewed until dissolved completely no 6 hours Cialis 20mg 30 minutes take with a glass of water no 36 hours Cialis Soft 20mg 15 - 20 minutes to be chewed until dissolved completely no 24 - 36 hours Levitra 20mg 10 minutes - 1 hour take with a glass of water no 12 hours
Please be informed that we require a valid prescription for your order. You should fax it to or send a scan copy to the email . Please be advised that in case you don't provide a valid prescription within a three-day period your order will not be processed.
We have the following payment methods: Payment by a credit card Bitcoin
1. As soon as you fill in the form at the checkout page and press the
"Submit" button, the information is transmitted to our processing centre where it is checked and thus the credit card is charged.
2. As soon as the payment is authorized, your order is approved and
We take the security of our customers seriously and thus we take reasonable steps to protect your information. For submitting the order you are redirected to the secure order page. The security of the page can be easily checked: an icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window, this shows that the information you insert into the form is SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted when transmitted to our credit card processing company. Please remember that a secure page begins with "https:" while insecure ones begin with "http:" without the "s" at the end.
Yes, we do. Please, check it out 7515 here.
The orders are shipped to almost all countries of the world, for the exception of some countries in Asia.
The medications are manufactured in India, thus the orders are processed and sent out from there.
Will my order be shipped the same day I purchase?
The products we sell are in stock for immediate delivery. However we have to check your order first to make sure that the shipping information is correct, after that the product you have ordered is packed and only then it is sent out. All these procedures take about 1-2 days.
We will reship the product free of charges. No additional charges will be placed.
How can I check the status of my order?
The order has not been sent out yet. I need to change the shipping details. What should I do?
Please check our 7522 Reimbursements and Returns Policy.
Generic Aciphex is used to treat symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and other conditions involving excessive stomach acid such as Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. It is also used to promote healing of erosive esophagitis (damage to your esophagus caused by stomach acid). 7628 ... More Info
BUTYLSCOLOPAMINE(other names of active ingridient - scopolamine butylbromide, butylhyoscine and hyoscine butylbromide) is an anticholinergic medicine. Butylscopolamine has many effects in the body including decreasing the secretion of fluids, slowing the stomach and intestines, and dilation of the pupils. Butylscopolamine is used to relieve nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness and recovery from anesthesia and surgery. Butylscopolamine may also be used in the treatment of parkinsonism, spastic muscle states, irritable bowel syndrome, diverticulitis, and other conditions. 7636 ... More Info
Generic Creon is a combination of three enzymes (proteins): lipase, protease, and amylase. These enzymes are normally produced by the pancreas and are important in the digestion of fats, proteins, and sugars. Pancrelipase is used to replace these enzymes when the body does not have enough of its own. Certain medical conditions can cause this lack of enzymes, including cystic fibrosis, chronic inflammation of the pancreas, or blockage of the pancreatic ducts. Pancrelipase may also be used following surgical removal of the pancreas. 7648 ... More Info
Generic Pepcid is used for treating and preventing ulcers; treating and preventing heartburn associated with acid indigestion and sour stomach. It is also used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), conditions that cause increased acid secretion and esophagitis.
Dimenhydrinate is used to prevent and treat nausea, vomiting, dizziness, and vertigo associated with motion sickness. 7696 ... More Info
Search results for "dapoxetine"
Search results for "finasteride"
Search results for "fluconazole"
Search results for "thyroxine"
Search results for "vardenafil-%2B-dapoxetine"
Generic Combivir is in a group of medicines called reverse transcriptase inhibitors. It is used for treating HIV infection in combination with other medicines. 10040 ... More Info
Generic Norvir is an antiviral medication in a group of HIV medicines called protease inhibitors. It prevents human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) cells from multiplying in your body. 10064 ... More Info
Generic Retrovir is used for treating HIV infection when used along with other medicines. It is also used with other medicines to help prevent women from passing the HIV virus to the fetus during pregnancy.
Efavirenz is used for treating HIV infection in combination with other medicines. If this medicine is taken alone to treat HIV, it may stop working. 10072 ... More Info
Ziagen is used, in combination with other medicines, in the treatment of the infection caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). HIV is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Abacavir will not cure or prevent HIV infection or AIDS; however, it helps keep HIV from reproducing and appears to slow down the destruction of the immune system. 10084 ... More Info
Generic Micardis is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension).
Generic Actonel is used for treating and preventing osteoporosis in certain patients. 21222 ... More Info
Generic BuSpar is used for the short-term relief of anxiety symptoms.
Generic Clozaril is used for managing schizophrenia in patients who do not respond to other medicines. It is also used to decrease the risk of suicidal behavior in certain patients. 21814 ... More Info
Generic Cycrin is used for treating certain menstrual problems or uterine problems (eg, abnormal bleeding, endometrial hyperplasia).
Generic Cyklokapron is used for short-term use (2 to 8 days) for reducing or preventing excessive bleeding and reducing the need for blood clotting factor transfusions during or after tooth extractions in patients with hemophilia. 21874 ... More Info
Generic Detrol is used for treating overactive bladder with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, and leakage. 22076 ... More Info
Differin(Adapalen) is a topical medicine (a medication that is applied to the surface of the skin) similar to vitamin A. It helps the skin to renew itself. 22092 ... More Info
Generic Loxitane is an antipsychotic medication. It is used for treating schizophrenia. 23512 ... More Info
Generic Prometrium is a female hormone important for the regulation of ovulation and menstruation. Generic Prometrium is used to cause menstrual periods in women who have not yet reached menopause but are not having periods due to a lack of Generic Prometrium in the body. Generic Prometrium is also used to prevent overgrowth in the lining of the uterus in postmenopausal women who are receiving estrogen hormone replacement therapy. Generic Prometrium should not be used to prevent heart disease or dementia, because this medication may actually increase your risk of developing these conditions. 24340 ... More Info
Generic Renova is a topical form of vitamin A that helps the skin renew itself. It is used to reduce the appearance of fine wrinkles and mottled skin discoloration, and to make rough facial skin feel smoother. 24510 ... More Info
Generic Seroquel is an antipsychotic medication. It is used for treating schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. 24704 ... More Info
Generic Vesicare reduces muscle spasms of the bladder and urinary tract. Generic Vesicare is used to treat symptoms of overactive bladder, such as frequent or urgent urination, and incontinence (urine leakage). 25322 ... More Info
The medications we offer are generically equivalent to their brand-name counterparts. We guarantee that they are the same chemically and have the same medical effect.
25i-NBOH 1000mcg BLOTTERS 25i-NBOH 1000mcg BLOTTERS
25I-NBOH is a derivative of the phenethylamine derived hallucinogen 2C-I that was discovered in 2006 by a team at Purdue University. It acts as a potent agonist for the 5HT2A receptor, with a Ki of...
How do you ship? We ship with FedEx, DHL or local post service. We ship in X-RAY safe packages. Our classical shipping is inside books, consumer electronics or other special goods like pillows of cloths. It's up to you.
Are they hydro? Nope. They are all on soil only.
Until further notice, I will be taking every second week off. Please get your order in before Friday evening May 12th. I'll be back on Saturday May 20th. Thanks!
aunice September 15, 2016 was sent on monday, i received it on wednesday. great delivery - great stuff thanky you
aunice September 15, 2016 NEXT DAY DELIVERY A QUALITY ILL BE BACK!!!
aunice September 15, 2016 Good stuff!
aunice September 15, 2016 Fantastic product and service as always. Thankyou
aunice September 15, 2016 nice smoke, great stealth - tiniest bit under 28, thank you
aunice September 15, 2016 On weight, On time, On point as always thanks ordering againright now
aunice September 15, 2016 5/5. Quick delivery, product weighed on point. Great smoke too! Will be back for more!
aunice September 15, 2016 cool
aunice September 15, 2016 arrived in 2 business days. Stealth, price, and quality all great. Would buy from again
aunice September 15, 2016 thankyou, swift and good stuff. will shop again
aunice September 15, 2016 5/5 awesome mate! Thank you!!
aunice September 15, 2016 Fast delivery, top stealth and AAA product. will be back!
aunice September 15, 2016 Grear bud. Next day delivery. Bud is waofoe gooooooooooooooodie as can bee
Diamond September 20, 2016 Very high quality product, very fast, safe shipment and stealth. Highly recommended.
5 out of 5 by Diamond 5 out of 5 Diamond September 20, 2016 Top Quality!! Excelent Stealth, Very Fast Free delivery. Buy With Confidence.
Product Price Quantity Pack of 10x1cc BD Insulin Syringes 10 USD 0.004 Bh. SAMPLER! One Point Of Heroin 4 (0.10g) 30 USD 0.012 Bh. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL QUATER GRAM HEROIN 4 (0.25g) 55 USD 0.022 Bh. HALF GRAM HEROIN 4 (0.50g) 100 USD 0.040 Bh. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL FULL WEIGHED GRAM HEROIN 4 (1.0g) 180 USD
Shipping LSD All Over The World Search for: Search Navigation index Home index @page id 4 Shop index @p 2 Info index @p 31 Contact index @p 7 My Account
index Home index @p 5 Cart index @page id 6 Checkout index @p 31 Contact index @p 2 Info index @p 7 My Account index @page id 4 Shop
index @post type product&paged 2&add-to-cart 61 index @product 5-x-125ug-koi-white-fluff-lsd-blotter koiwh itefluff
index @post type product&paged 2&add-to-cart 62 index @product 5x-eric-snowden-lsd-blotter-100ug snowden
index @post type product&paged 2&add-to-cart 59
index @post type product&add-to-cart 27 index @p 58 snowden
index @post type product&add-to-cart 58 index @p 63 shiva
x @p 7 site-navigation Skip to navigation x @p 7 content Skip to content
index @p 21 tab-description Description index @p 21 tab-reviews Reviews (0)
x @p 5 View Cart "15 x 125ug Koi white Fluff LSD Blotter" has been added to your cart. x Home / Shop
index @product 50-x-125ug-koi-white-fluff-lsd-blotter tab- description Description index @product 50-x-125ug-koi-white-fluff-lsd-blotter tab- reviews Reviews (0)
We offer you 50 Pieces of Koi LSD Blotter.
Koi Fish is a symbol for Luck and Fortune. Those Blotter are definitely a good choice for Beginners. Smooth vibes and very friendly.
x site-navigation Skip to navigation x content Skip to content
Welcome to ECID SHIPPING!
index @product 50x-200ug-shiva-lsd-blotter tab-description Description index @product 50x-200ug-shiva-lsd-blotter tab-reviews Rev iews (0)
x @p 5 View Cart "10x 200ug Shiva LSD Blotter" has been added to your cart. x Home / Shop
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> Info
Payment goes only in bitcoin, please don't ask for alternatives.
x Home / Cart
index @post type product&paged 2 2 index @post type product&paged 2 -
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> 50x 100ug Eric Snowden LSD Blotter x @p 56 25x 100ug Eric Snowden LSD Blotter x @p 58 100x 100ug Eric Snowden LSD Blotter products
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> 25x 200ug Shiva LSD Blotter x @p 60 10x 200ug Shiva LSD Blotter x @product 50x-200ug-shiva-lsd-blotter 50x 200ug Shiva LSD Blotter products
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> 5x 100ug Eric Snowden LSD Blotter x @product 50-x-125ug-koi-white-fluff-lsd-blotter 50 x 125ug Koi white Fluff LSD Blotter x @p 55 10x 100ug Eric Snowden LSD Blotter products
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> 5 x 125ug Koi white Fluff LSD Blotter x @p 30 200 x Alex Grey's Hoffmann LSD Acid (200 x 100-125ug) x @p 41 10 x 125ug Koi white Fluff LSD Blotter products
SHIPPING >> Feed SHIPPING >> SHIPPING >> 50 x Alex Grey's Hoffmann LSD Acid (50 x 100-125ug) x @p 25 25 x Alex Grey's Hoffmann LSD Acid (25 x 100-125ug) x @p 27 100 x Alex Grey's Hoffmann LSD Acid (100 x 100-125ug) products
Amount Price 1g 60 Euro 2g 110 Euro 5g 250 Euro 10g 450 Euro
Our Email address is snowkings@mail2tor.com
Flow allows you to easily get to hidden sites, e.g. type
absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion."
Welcome to MeGrimlock's One Stop Onion Shop!
Keep it Simple! Direct Deals! Full Privacy! No Market Closures!
Additionally check out our grams profile to see a small portion of our thousands of feedback on all the markets they have listed:
kilo of Meth then we're out, if you want it come and get it we'll give you a great price.
one, try this free 10 PGP software. For security, all communications
you will get an order URL with a bitcoin address. You will have 45
10 Regular Seeds - Northern Gold
At this point, I have shipped successfully to nearly every European Country!
Since that time I have created my new (30)G pack, which was designed Specifically with Aus & NZ in mind! I have put a lot of effort in to this stealth, and I am now abiding to the "expectations" of Australian Officials inspecting these new packs. I have shipped several dozen of these new (30)G packs to Aus & NZ all with 100% success. You can now buy with confidence!
Please consider leaving a review for me at:
Best for: daytime use.
Smell/Taste: pungent honey-musk flavour. Sweet and spicy taste.
Best for: night time use.
- Best quality/price ratio
Hashish 35%THC->40%THC-->$25us per g->10g $20us->100g $17.50us all the way About 200g left
Gold Shatter/Dabs 85%THC->90%THC-->$80us per g->All the way Aroud 2zips left
It usually takes the average person about 90 days to ingest the full 60 gram or 60 ml oil treatment; & be "CURED OF ALL CANCER". It may take 2 treatments to clean the entire metabolism. I suggest that people start with three doses per day, about the size of a half a grain of short grained dry rice. The patient should take this dosage every 8 hours, early in the morning, then again in the afternoon and then they should take their final dose of the day, about an hour before bedtime. It should also be noted that as a patient begins to ingest this oil, the patient does not normally feel the oils effects until about an hour after they have taken their dosage, so please be aware of this fact. A beginner's dose such as I am describing would equal about 1/4 of a drop.
Nirvana Hindu Kush x Blue Berry X God->Hybrid My personal canopy @ $12 per g or $320 per zip-
Made from cured flower tops, "Cream" is an amalgamate between the highest quality extraction & most discriminate separation techniques.
I provide & you can expect, World Class, High end produces & services.
Thank you for your trust & support.
Toggle navigation 1 Empereor Chemical's Kingdom
Benzodiazepines (BZD, BZs), sometimes called "benzos", are a class of psychoactive drugs whose core chemical structure is the fusion of a benzene ring and a diazepine ring.
Current BTC price: 524.45 EUR/BTC 1 Home 2 Cart (0) 3 Account
(Citron) 18 Girlscout Cookie 19 Amnesia Haze 20 Cheese
Welcome to Dutch Magic
Welcome to Steroid King
Clomid 50mg x 30 tablets by Aventis Sale! DEL: $70.00 :DEL INS: $59.00 :INS 22
Stanozolol 10mg x 100 tablets LA Pharma Sale! DEL: $59.00 :DEL INS: $49.00 :INS 32
What is CGMC ?
Thank You For Choosing Us!
ABOUT US We are a secretive organization that has access to hundreds of pills to help people with delibitating pain. Every order is pharmacy grade, no fake presses, no fentanyl, no danger. We have specials weekly, and offer bulk discounts for 30 pills or more. All of our packages are very discreet, shipped worldwide, and use uncommon ways to ship our packages (order for details relating to your package OPSEC). To Order Email Us At Deepnorco@Safe-Mail.Net
Weekly Special For The Second Week Of May For Every Ten Pills Of Oxy Bought Get Three Free! Limit (10 Free Pills Per Customer)
Dreams >> Feed Dreams >> 1x-180mg-ecstasy/feed/ Sweet Dreams >> Candy Flipping kit (2x 150ug LSD 1x 180mg Ecstasy) 120ug LSD Tabs 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fproduct%2Fcandy-flipping-kit-2x-150ug-lsd-1x -180mg-ecstasy%2F alternate 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fproduct%2Fcandy-flipping-kit-2x-150ug-lsd-1x -180mg-ecstasy%2F&format xml alternate
You will receive two 150ug tabs of LSD along with one 180mg ecstasy pill.
!!!Warning!!! Do not take LSD if you are having a bad day or suffer from depression. Sadness leads to very bad trips!
yirsweet .HTML Dreams >> Feed Dreams >> 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fcart%2F alternate 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fcart%2F&format xml alternate
You will receive two tabs containing 120ug of LSD each.
yirsweet .HTML tabs/ High Quality LSD hourly 1 Dreams >> Feed Dreams >> 1x-180mg-ecstasy/feed/ Sweet Dreams >> Candy Flipping kit (2x 150ug LSD 1x 180mg Ecstasy) 120ug LSD Tabs 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fproduct%2Fcandy-flipping-kit-2x-150ug-lsd-1x -180mg-ecstasy%2F alternate 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fproduct%2Fcandy-flipping-kit-2x-150ug-lsd-1x -180mg-ecstasy%2F&format xml alternate
Cart "Candy Flipping kit (2x 150ug LSD 1x 180mg Ecstasy)" has been added to your cart.
Coupon: Apply Coupon Update Basket
Subtotal $53.00 Total $53.00 to Checkout
yirsweet .HTML High Quality LSD Wed, 17 Aug 2016 02:06:26 0000 en-CA hourly 1 Dreams >> Feed Dreams >> 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fmy-account%2F alternate 2Fkqcou4ctyirsweet %2Fmy-account%2F&format xml alternate
Tell others about this shop, and earn 5% from every purchase they will make. Simply give them the following link: Replace YOURUSERNAME with your actual username on this site and get earnings directly to your wallet.
Bubblegum Sale! DEL: EUR180.00 :DEL INS: EUR82.50 :INS 25
We only grow in soil with organic nutrients.
Organic grown original Haze.
Peruvian cocaine 4 30 grams premium Peruvian cocaine 5 alternate
Premium Peruvian cocaine and other goods
morphine Morphine Sulfate 30mg Morphine is used in treatment of chronic pain; belongs to drug class narcotic. $38 per 5 pills
Derres September 19, 2016 Ndd and excellent value for money.
Derres September 19, 2016 5 star service..
Derres September 19, 2016 smooth as fuck, gets you baked. weight on point. will be back!
Derres September 19, 2016 BANG ON MATE CHEERS
Derres September 19, 2016 Very professional and reliable. Nice gear.
Derres September 19, 2016 18hours order to door, great stealth as usual.
Derres September 19, 2016 Great customer service, fixed my order, service perfect as always, 2DD
Premium Perovian cocaine and other goods
Today we have more than 3 years of successful online trade on SR, SR2, Evolution, BlackBank, Oxygen and Agora. 99% success delivery rate, 5000 sales in EU and worldwide including US, Canada, Scandinavian countries and Australia.
Our experience lets us do professional unique stealth packaging, fast and safe shipping almost everywhere in the world.
Please read our 11 Terms and Conditions to learn how buy our goods. And you are welcome to our 12 Shop to choose and buy one of our products.
1P / 7 EUR
Current BTC price: 507.96 EUR/BTC (0) Us / Platinum Members Info Magic
Sample Pack Afghan "Mazari-i-Sharif" Casablanca Love Pollen Pollen
Tunnel - 5g 1
Haze - 5g 1
- 5g 1 55.00 EUR
1. Products are first weighed, double checked, and then vacuumed.
99.8%!! The small 0.2% loss
GOLD MEMBER: Once you have ordered for 5.000 euros or more under the same account in this shop you will be awarded the status GOLD MEMBER. Our shop automatically keeps track of your status and for how many euros you have ordered. If you have ordered for more than 5.000 euros with us in the past please contact us with past usernames in past market places and we can upgrade your status to GOLD MEMBER. Gold Member listings are at a discount (cheaper) and are only valid if you have the gold member status. We only have limited gold member listings. Not everything can be listed. PLATINUM MEMBER: Platinum member status applies to accounts that have ordered for 50.000 euros or more and works the same as with gold member status. Dutch Magic - us - info -
1. All orders need to be paid in bitcoin before we can ship your order.
Super Snow Dog (Citron) - 5g
For description see spanish tunnel listing. We only have 200 prepackaged 10g tunnel weed bags for our openings sale, so get this while you can. Where can you get 10g of weed for only 50 euros! No more than 2 orders per customer. Thanks for ordering with DutchMagic The largest online coffee-shop in the world.
Pollen - 1 KILOGRAM
Snow Dog - 50g
i>>? 1 logo-icon.gif ChemSpain
Contact via the 16 Hub
Hot deals for Aug 12, 2016
Welcome! We are proud to offer a wide variety of items for sale and to
provide best-in-class online shopping experience. Come join us!
2. Security, we use multisig on all transactions even for marketplaces
3. We use trusted vendors with only the best ratings. We also
Privacy is out MISSION
Learn about Multisig and how it protects you.
2. Vendor profile must be older than 3 months on a current market.
4. Must use miltisig.
you may contact us by email: tds@sigaint.org you may contact us by Bitmessage: BM-2cTNzCe2tgqvZ6ietwyZAAUyHpzA2hVSXA
EU medications vendor >> 3 Europills - your EU medications vendor >> Home V8 4 alternate 5 alternate
"Best source for Armodafinil in EU ! Perfect stealth & awesome price ! Gonna buy more very soon !"
Out of stock tadalista w
Welcome to the LONDON UNDERGROUND private vendor store 2.0!
We have some new Cola - we will be updating pics soon.
- Fishscale Pure Colombienne (90%) 76 EUR le gramme. Cette Cocaine n'a jamais ete coupee. - Colombienne MK1 (50%) 39 EUR le gramme. - Colombienne MK2 (30%) 24 EUR le gramme.
Quality Generics Safe Shopping High degree of Privacy FREE Registered Air Mail No Rx required Low Prices Earn Bitcoin rewards Dedicated Support Team
We love Bitcoin Please note: We do not store Bitcoin or other altcoins on our web server. Copyright (c) 2017 CoinRx.is All rights reserved.
29 Jul 16, 02:54 AM >> Welcome, Guest. Please 4 login or 5 register. Submit Search
Q&A with Dr. Fernando Caudevilla
Vendors, Markets & Products
Last post by 79 Knights2Dreams in 80 Re: The HANSA discusssio... on Today at 01:54:30 AM
Last post by 106 darkname in 107 good coke in turkey on July 28, 2016, 04:42:25 PM
Fumes by 140 Diego Andres
Leafly description - "heavy tranquilizing effects. Sweet hashish flavors with subtle notes of chocolate and coffee come through on the exhale, delighting the palate as powerful relaxation takes over. From head to toe, muscles ease with heaviness as dreamy euphoria blankets the mind, crushing stress while coercing happy moods".
Approximately 3ml of hash oil (maybe be more or maybe less, hard to tell by sight). Produced from an ounce of old bud - probably Skunk 1 or OG Kush. Very thick consistency like treacle.
Powder form Tamoxifen / Nolvadex - selective estrogen-receptor modulator.
I think some of you remember the Cannalope Haze that I had on sale arround 2 month ago. But if you are new customer, or you just missed the Cannalope, now you have again the oportunity of try it!
(c)2016 ElHerbolario. All Rights Reserved.
Review your purchases here
Have a question about ordering, shipping or security issues? Post here...
Discuss here topics not related to the shop
Now payment verification is fully automated by the shop, if your payment is still pending after 1 hour, this means that some coin are missing. Check it again on Blockchain if the address has received the full amount (also works if you send more hahaha) For example, if payment is missing 0.0001 Bitcoins to be complete, system can't detect it as paid. Please, double check your payment to avoid unnecessary inconveniences.
Usually no, due to security reasons email password recovery is turned off. Please create a new account or contact us giving some ownership proof to reset password.
My products always come from very qualified growers. I do not buy anywhere and every batch I purchase is checked under the microscope. If it does not meet my quality standards I don't buy it, no matter whether it is a trusted provider or not. There are times when a batch is not as good as expected.
I do not check it often
Your cart is empty. Dutch Magic - 42 About us - 43 Shipping info - 44 FAQ
Board based around different types of drugs
Topics Posts Last post
Total posts 1 Total topics 1 Total members 2 Our newest member
khadou3e .HTML Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fmy-account%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fmy-account%2F&format xml alternate
khadou3e .HTML Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> Hank Weed >> 10Grams Purple Kush shipping/ 10 Assorted Cannabis Seeds - Free Shipping Pollen Hash 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F10grams-purple-kush%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F10grams-purple-kush%2F&format xml alternate
khadou3e .HTML Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> Hank Weed >> 12G Pollen Hash Purple Kush e) TranWreck F.E 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F12g-pollen-hash%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F12g-pollen-hash%2F&format xml alte rnate
Cart "10 Assorted Cannabis Seeds - Free Shipping" has been added to your cart.
Cart "10Grams Purple Kush" has been added to your cart.
/ roduct-category/cannabis/ Cannabis / 10Grams Purple Kush Cart "1oz(Ounce) TranWreck F.E" has been added to your cart. pg 10Grams Purple Kush
khadou3e .HTML Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> shipping/feed/ Dank Hank Weed >> 10 Assorted Cannabis Seeds - Free Shipping or-vape-free-shipping/ 500mg CO2 Extracted Oil 85% THC For Vape - Free Shipping Purple Kush 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F10-assorted-cannabis-seeds-free-sh ipping%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F10-assorted-cannabis-seeds-free-sh ipping%2F&format xml alternate
Be the first to review "10 Assorted Cannabis Seeds - Free Shipping" ancel reply
khadou3e .HTML annabis-seeds-free-shipping/ Marijuana & Marijuana Accessories Thu, 25 Aug 2016 01:30:48 0000 hourly 1 Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> Hank Weed >> 14g Amnesia Haze e) TranWreck F.E Skunk 10G 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F14g-amnesia-haze%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2F14g-amnesia-haze%2F&format xml alt ernate
khadou3e .HTML 10g/ Marijuana & Marijuana Accessories Thu, 25 Aug 2016 01:30:48 0000 hourly 1 Hank Weed >> Feed Hank Weed >> Hank Weed >> Afghan Skunk 10G Amnesia Haze .5 Grams Amnesia Haze Sample 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2Fafghan-skunk-10g%2F alternate 2Fnapuzdankhadou3e %2Fproduct%2Fafghan-skunk-10g%2F&format xml alt ernate
Helps with depressing, anxiety & ADHD.
/ roduct-category/cannabis/ Cannabis / 12G Pollen Hash Cart "1oz(Ounce) TranWreck F.E" has been added to your cart. pg 12G Pollen Hash
/ roduct-category/cannabis/ Cannabis / 12G Pollen Hash Cart "1 Gram Of Gorilla Glue - Free Shipping" has been added to your cart. pg 12G Pollen Hash
d e/ 0.5 Grams Amnesia Haze Sample
/ roduct-category/cannabis/ Cannabis / 1oz(Ounce) TranWreck F.E d 1oz(Ounce) TranWreck F.E
