NOTICE - When ordering just let us know the phone number. SHIPMENT
Dimensions Weight 16.7 Oz Height 0.6 In. Width 6 In. Length 9 In.
Patronage Against drug addictions, drug addicts, families, imprisoned people, journalists, political prisoners, prisoners , pro-life movement, amateur radio.
Metal Pipe Rasta Weed Tobacco Smoking Creative Pipes Gift Mill Smoke 5 Filter
Payment must be received in 7 business days of auction closing.
Benefit: Strong and prolonged erections Increases sexuality Accelerating wound healing Improved orgasm Increasing bone density, strength, & health Increases penis size Support healthy blood circulation Decrease body fat Reducing seasonal allergies Anti-aging qualities Slow the aging process Increasing muscle mass
CONTACT US Customer's satisfaction is my No.1 Priority If you are dissatisfied for any reason , please do not be quick to leave negative/neutral feedback If you have a question or problem, please contact us first. We work hard to make sure every customer 100% satisfied and resolve any problem for you and always leave positive feedback to all our customers
Tracking number will be updated on ebay against the order when the item is shipped.
Spread over concerned pimple area and pimple-prone area with clean finger tips.
India Post Registered can take 14 to 25 days trackable
Warnings: Food supplements must not be used as a substitute for a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Not recommended for use by pregnant or lactating women. If you are taking any medications, please consult a doctor before use. Discontinue use and consult a doctor if adverse reactions occur. Not intended for use by persons under the age of 18. Keep out of reach of children. Store in a cool, dry place.
2. Replacement line: 30ft
If there is a problem with the item or delivery then please do not hesitate to contact us before leaving negative feedback
To download the wallpaper, right click the image and "Save as" to your computer.
1. Promotes Sexual Vitality
We accept return within 30 days from the receipt of the item for refund.Buyer has to contact us first before return the item. Unless the item is defective, the buyer is responsible of paying return shipping cost and we refund the cost of item ONLY.
1. We are not responsible for any custom duty or import tax
SEASON: Spring Summer Autumn Payment Payment: We accept PayPal only. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal. Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing. Please make sure your paypal and ebay address is correct. Or not, please correct it before payment. Delivery details Shipping time: - We ship to worldwide except Italy/Africa/Asia/Brazil/Spain and some remote areas. - Make sure your Address is correct. A phone number is recommended for a more accurate delivery. - Orders will ship within 2 business days after payment has cleared. - We try our best to provide you the most reliable, affordable way of shipping service. But sometimes international delivery is highly depended on the local customs and post service. If you do not receive your item on time, please contact us immediately for further assistance. We will be responsible for any damages or losses incurred in the shipping process. Terms of sales About us About us:
2.We are not Responsible for your Customs duty.
Friendly Tips: The size is manual measurement, please allow minor error of measurement. Photo color might be a little different from the actual product due to color display of different monitors.
Warranty If the item is defect when you receive it or you are not satisfied with it, please return it within 14 days for a replacement or money back. But the items must be back in factory condition. Please contact us and double check the return address before you return it.
Contact Us If you have any questions, please feel free to email our servicer, and we will reply you ASAP. If no response within 24 Hours, please check the spam of mail box or kindly re-send it to us. We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact. If you haven't received item in 45 days, please contact us and we will arrange refund or resend.
We will respond within 48 hours on business days(except the weekends and holidays in China)
Additional Questions If you have any questions please feel free to Contact Us.
Additional shipping charges please do not confuse them for - these costs usually cargo (shipping) or company has to offer when it is collected by and pick up objects.
Welcom to our store : 2011-fashionstyle
International Buyers - Please Note:
Specification: Material: Food Grade Silicone Color: Random Rating of temperature: -40 to 210
time about 7-15 days
5.Because force majeure in logistics or the customs clearance sometimes a bit delay.
If, for any reason, you should ship the item back - send the item within 30 days, unused and in original packaging. The Item is must be shipped back with insurance.
Payment Method Returns Policy
Good working condition, easy to install.
2.Our working time:Monday to Friday 9:00 am to 5:30 pm.(GMT8)
Use it as the last step in your morning and night skincare regime.
Rated power:DC5.0V 4.9W/DC3.7V 3.6W
Payment is via PayPal Only.
Moss Micro Landscape Plant Potted Plants Reticulate Grass Seeds EH7E
1,The real color of the item may be slightly different from the pictures shown on website caused by many factors such as brightness of your monitor and light brightness.
SHIPPING: ship to Worldwide via registered mail
Payment must be made within 5 days, Non-payment may result in an UPI (Unpaid Item), eBay will automatically close your account if you accumulate 4 UPI's total.
This pimple clear prevents acne due to living environment, leading to a smooth and clear skin.
Type:Metal Cutting Dies Stencil Condition: 100% Brand New & Cute Quantity:1 Pcs Material: Carbon steel Color:Silver Size:As pictures show Package include: 1 Set Metal Cutting Dies Stencil Notice:
then stamped out en-masse to be attached to their souvenir medals or statues. As such, they are 3rd-class relics and not 2nd-class relics, as the phrase ex indumentis implies.
3.All returns must have prior authorization. Please note that we will not accept any returns that have not been authorized by us. Please contact us before you return the item.
Condition New Brand SHISEIDO Model Number Does Not Apply Type Milk, Refreshing type Internal capacity 100ml Classification Japan Cosmetics language Japanese Period of use About 2 months (standard in how to use along the way use) Product Size Width 51mm x height 131mm x depth 51mm fragrance Fragrance-free Country of origin Japan
3.If you are satisfied with our service, please leave us a 5 star positive feedback. Your recognition will make us more confident to develop business and serve you better.
3.Tax is buyer's duty ,it is not included in our buy it now price
Countries Shipping Ways Shipping Timeframe United States ePacket ( > $5 ) Usually arrives within 7 to 15 days Post Air Mail (<$5 ) Usually arrives within 11 to 25days United Kingdom Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Australia Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Russia ePacket Usually arrives within 7 to 15 days Canada and Europe Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 11 to 35 days Other Countries Post Air Mail Usually arrives within 15 to 45 days
Use the nCure treatment on a regular basis, starting with a minimum of 3 times daily in order to ensure optimal control of Rhinitis symptoms.
Publisher Description Treating Drug Abusers provides a clear, practical guide to current approaches. Written by practitioners for practitioners, it takes a psychological perspective to drug-taking and treatment. The authors include detailed case studies of particular treatments, focusing on, among other things, relapse and its prevention, family therapy, and the transmission of the HIV virus.
a.Parcel value over GBP20.00 or AUD35.00 ,it will be shipped it via standard shipping ,shipping
6.1 in. x 8.5 in.
Contact Us If you have any questions, please feel free to email our service specialists 24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week, and we will reply you ASAP. If no response within 24 Hours, please check the spam of mail box or kindly re-send it to us.
Transparent cover, ash proof and moisture proof, easy to observe the quality of drugs.
2. Approved returns will be subject to inspection on arrival. Items must be returned in original condition with all original packaging.
Delivery time to worldwide 2-3 weeks (any delay or non-receipt please contact us to solve the problem) Sometimes up to 4 weeks due to the customs inspection delay! Shipping by Thailand Post Service
Please Note: If your order is returned to us due to a banned/restricted products policy, a wrong address, refusal to pay customs fees, refusal to accept the order or because no one was there to accept delivery of your order, we will refund your order as follows: You will be refunded the total amount of the order, minus the original shipping charge.
Additional Details Copyright Date 2007 Illustrated Yes
HappyGreenShop Team We are small, developing concern, who loves nature. Our company's motto is taking care of customer and his satisfaction. We guarantee quick order's realization, permanent contact with customer and his satisfaction. Any question? Just ask!
100pcs Ornamental Grass Seeds Blue Fescue Beautiful Perennial Grass Garden Decor
Shipping Item will be shipped within 24 -48 hours after full payment is received. Normally the shippment to worldwide is used to take 15 to 25 business days, exclude Sat & Sun.
Shipping Duration Shipping Method Asia, Middle East America,Canada Australia,Mexico Europe Russia Other Registered Small Parcel SAL 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks 2 - 3 weeks
Publisher LAP Lambert Academic Publishing Dimensions 6 in. x 0.2 in. x 9 in. About Us Grand Eagle Retail is the ideal place for all your shopping needs! With fast shipping, low prices, friendly service and over 1,000,000 in stock items - you're bound to find what you want, at a price you'll love!
5Pcs Silicone Wristbands Leaf Marijuana Cannabis Jamaica Weed Rubber Bracelet Product Description Main Color: Multi-Colored Material: Silicone Country of Manufacture: China Theme: Marijuana Payment We only accept the paypal. When you send your payment to me , please confirm your address is accordant with the address given on paypal. Don't pay them one by one.
We will ship your item within 3-5 business days, after your payment. We can ship ONLY to your Paypal address. Term of Sale
Expedite Shipping- Fedex, DHL Express , Aramax- Which takes 3 to 7 days.
3. Please consider few more days for your local customs delay and formalities. Shipments could take up to 15 to 40 business days
Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Before purchasing, please read the ads carefully and make sure the size, color and style is applicable to your requirements. If you have any problem after received your items or you don't receive your items, please contact us first via Ask a question on eBay, we will reply your message and offer best solutions to you within 24 business hours. Please be more patient on weekends and holidays. Please do not leave Neutral or Negative Feedback. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Feedback & detailed Seller Rating:
Please Note that size and color representation are subject to manufacturing variance and may not be e t. Also note that monitor settings may vary from computer to computer and may distort actual colors. Please read these terms thoroughly before placing your bid.
Buyer is responsible for return costs.
1. All items will be shipped to buyer's ebay address. Before you pay, please make sure your address in ebay matches the address you would like us to ship to.
Model no.: NSR-9 Grass Green
About us We are in Shenzhen of Pearl River Delta which is developed place with economy and Trade We are a profession trade company. There are about 16000 kinds of products in my company,Our products include consumer electronics, Nail Art Tools, Clothes and shoes, cell phone accessories, computers accessories, car accessories, Motorcycle accession, toys & hobbies, jewelry, baby accessories other useful electronics items and etc.
a.Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are buyer's responsibility. We will try our best to reduce the risk of the custom duties. b.Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to buying.
Classification Method LCCN 2007-272296 LC Classification Number RC564 Dewey Decimal 362.29/3 Dewey Edition 22
Please contact us before leave Negetive feedback, we will try our best to help you.
Product Features They work great for scrapbooking,hair bows,Woven Headbands,gift packaging, wedding favors, candles, jewelry. Quality Fabric ribbon can be used on clothing, sewing, Trimmings, hairpiece, corsage and much more.
Once symptoms are relieved, reduce the number of treatment sessions and use as needed.
3. Please leave ebay note when making the payment if you have any special requests.
Customers from outside of United States and Australia may be charged custom duty/taxes as per the import laws of the receiving country, which will be payable by the customer at the time of delivery to the carrier company.
EMS and SAL gain tracking number and insurance together. If buying 2 or more I will give you a discount for shipping.
Payment We only accept payment through Paypal. Payment must be received in 7 business days of auction closing.
2. Items will be shipped within 1 business day on payment received.
We ship anywhere in world within a short time on high priority basis .
Mucuna Prurien Extract 50% L-Dopa
3.Payment Should be Completed within 7 days ,or an unpaid disputed will be opened as payment none receive
DESCRIPTIONS PRODUCTNAME : Horny Goat Weed Extract
Note: It is manual measurement, there may be 2-3cm error. And item color displayed in photos may be showing slightly different on your computer monitor since monitors are not calibrated same. hope understanding
--We accept Paypal ONLY.
Step 2 - Place in Planting Trays
Welcome to the home of the most unique religious memorabilia:
We accept Paypal ONLY. It is easy and safe for you to pay by credit cards, debit cards, bank transfers and PayPal account balances.
We are off work on Weekends or public holidays, any messages received during this period will be replied on next Monday morning.
if you still not received your item, please contact us, we will try our best to help you.
Customer Satisfactory: Do not hesitate to contact us anytime before and after your purchase; we are committed to your 100% customer satisfaction. We back our commitment with superb service, 100% full money back and a customer satisfaction guarantee.
2. Please allow 0.1-0.5cm differences due to manual measurement.
100% Brand New and High Quality
Title Formulation Variables of Transdermal Drug Delivery Systems Author Vinod Singh, Athar Javed, Mamta Singh Format Paperback Year
Joint Roller Machine Size 110mm Practical Fast Cigarette Cigar Weed Raw Rolling
We will not be responsible for wrong or undeliverable addresses.
Sow outdoors, on the surface of a good free draining, damp seed compost. Flowers appear after 2-3 years.
1, All items are guaranteed brand new. For quality control purposes, we checked all the items one by one,if you have any questions please feel free email me, thank. 2, The real color of the item may be slightly different from the pictures shown on website caused by many factors such as brightness of your monitor and light brightness. 3, Please allow slight deviation for the measurement data.
2. Please check with your local VAT or Duty, it is not included in this item price
Tongkat Ali has testosterone enhancing properties and raise testosterone by stimulating the Leydig cells. Testosterone is primarily responsible for the growth and development of male reproductive organs, including the penis, testicles, scrotum, and prostate. The testicles and surrounding tissue will grow in size. The mass gain also influences sexual function, especially erections and ejaculations.
nCure Hay Fever Allergy Light Therapy Treatment BNIB
Product Details Condition:100% brand new and High quality Material:Organza Width:1/8"(3mm) 1/4"(6mm) 3/8"(10mm) 5/8"(15mm) 3/4"(20mm) 1"(25mm) 1.5"(38mm) 2"(50mm) Length:1 Roll, 50 Yards per Roll (About 45.7 Metres,1 Yard 0.9144m ) Amount:1pcs Function:Ribbon Bows Color:35 Colors for you to choose
3.Any non-received items caused by invalid address registered on PayPal are not in our full refund or replacement policy. Shipping fee has including the local handing and packaging fee.
Cigarette Holder Mini Totacco Weed Waterfilter Smoking Metal Tube Pipe Dry Herb
Description Description: Details about Spring Pipe Colorful Light Metal Smoking Weed Pipe Creative Portable Tobacco
Description: Portable Clear Mini Acrylic Weed Water Pipe Hookah Shisha Tobacco Smoking Pipes Gifts Features: Acrylic material, pure clear color, fashion design. Beautiful pattern, the person who likes shisha will be interested in it. Can smoke cigarette and cut tobacco,reduce the nicotine intake effectively. It is the great gift for shisha fan.
All Orders are Shipped by Droppshipping With Tracking Number after i receive your payment
Material: iron plastic Size(approx.): Small square hook: 75 65 105cm/29.52 25.59 41.33in Weight: 0.115kg Medium square hook: 135 60 130cm/53.14 23.62 51.18in Weight: 0.164kg Big square hook: 197 60 160 cm/77.55 23.62 62.99in Weight: 0.222kg Small round hook: 70 40 110cm/27.55 15.74 43.3in Weight: 0.164kg Large round hook: 110 40 140cm/43.3 15.74 55.11in Weight: 0.164kg
Publication Data Place of Publication Lanham, MD Country of Publication United States Imprint Lexington Books Content Note 13 black & white illustrations, 5 tables
Horny Goat Weed Extract 500 mg Veg Capsule Increase Energy AMALTH
100% brand new and high quality Color:as picture Ball: 6MM Length: 1.6 16 6 8 1.6 16 Weight:25g Material:316L stainless steel
IPSA PIMPLE CLEAR (quasi-drug) 25g Free Shipping!!
Key Details Author Louisa Degenhardt, Richard Mattick, Shane Darke Number Of Pages 204 pages Series International Research Monographs in the Addictions Format Hardcover Publication Date 2006-09-21 Language English Publisher Cambridge University Press Publication Year 2006
One Love rasta Judah flag reggae retro weed pot applique iron-on patch 2030 Description
If you still do not get your item over 60 days , pls be free to contact us. We will try my best to help you to solve it. Pls trust us.
We are the only official stockist of the abeeco Health & Skincare Range on eBay.
If item is defective in 3 months, We will send you a replacement without extra charger, or offer refund after we receive the defective item.
NEW Shiseido d program balance care emulsion R I (quasi-drug) 100mL Japan
1.We only accept payment via PayPal, other payment is not acceptable.
Dimensions Weight 17.2 Oz Width 6 In. Length 9 In.
One high quality aluminum pollen presser attached. Polished tough Aluminum gray color, Very Light: 3.8oz Net weight and Dimension: 3.5.Two Plastic Dowels, 1.55.suitable for herb and spice and polished that can be used as: Stash safe, Portable Ashtray, Pollen Press and many other creative usages.
c.Item price over USD5.00 it will be shipped out via Standard shipping;below USD5.00 it will be
Notes: Due to the light and screen setting difference, the color of the item may be slightly different from the pictures. Please allow slight dimension difference due to different manual measurement.
Push the bottom of the nasal insert in order to spread apart the light source before inserting it into your nostrils . Comfortably place the double light source into your nostrils as deep as possible and press the "on" button.. Treatment is completed once the green light indicator on the control unit automatically turns off (3 minutes). PLEASE NOTE: For Private Use Only for 2 users (with the replacement nasal probe).
1. No any sales tax is required.
b.Economy shipping about 15-45 days;
This refreshing eye gel reduces and prevents signs of stress, puffiness and darks circles. Enriched with Seaweed extracts it soothes tired skin, reducing inflammation and refreshing the skin.
Handling Time - We usually ship within 1 day of receiving clear payment.
3. Thank you for your kindly understanding
- Flexible and easy to use. The back grids allow it to be hung on wall or just put it on floor or anywhere you want to decorate.
The lowest price and estimated delivery time are estimated to USA. Other areas may need more time. There is a possibility that there are products for which a shipping cost table is not applied.Please check with shipping & payment. If the item is broken or not arrived, I will request a survey request. Please cooperate.
About Us Grand Eagle Retail is the ideal place for all your shopping needs! With fast shipping, low prices, friendly service and over 1,000,000 in stock items - you're bound to find what you want, at a price you'll love!
We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the pictures
Town & Country Professional - Weed & Seed Gloves, Mens ID: 644323
4.We are unable to take any responsibility for any custom delay or tax, Reason is because transit time is highly depended and provided by postal Service( Except weekends and holidays.)
It instantly cools tired, buring eyes
New "One Love" design embroidered iron-on patch. Ideal for adorning your jeans, hats, bags, jackets and shirts. Our appliques can also be sewn on.
2.All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor Paypal.
N CASE OF VARIANT OF COLORS, SIZES OR OTHER VARIANTS , PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE WITH YOUR CHOICE .. .. .. Name:High Pressure Sprayer
Brand New Material: Plastic Size:14cm height Package included: 1 X Artificial Water Grass
Description Mini Beer Smoke Metal Pipes Portable Creative Smoking Herb Tobacco Weed Grinder Length:70mm
Payments Delivery Returns Contact We only accept payment via PayPal.
It is requested that in case of any issue , please contact me before leaving any feedback. I assure you of prompt response in your favor
NOTE: Import duties, taxes and chargers are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding buying.
Product Size (width depth height): 82mm 48mm 187mm Country of origin: Japan Contents: filled with moisture to every corner of 150mL
To worldwide via airmail shipping We will arrange shipping for you within 24 Hours after payment cleared except the holidays.
ATTENTION: for orders under 6.50eur, the shipping is without tracking code. For the tracking code please select the second option of shipping. For the shipping in Central and Southern America, the shipping can take up to 60 days. Please don't open disputes. Contact us for more informations.
3.If you need the item urgently,please contact us about extra shipping cost for Express Shipping,like FedEx,DHL,UPS,just take 5-8days.
2You can respond following our email. We will try our best to help you. we will not let our buyers have any lose.
4.Normal delivery day is: 10-15 working days to the United States, 15-40 working days to Canada,UK & Australia,20-40 Business Days to Europe, Brazil, Italy, Russia & Others Countries.Some country far away it would be take more than 40 working day
Features -Every detail secret agents, to ensure that the spray effect, spray high spray far, durable. -Bold bar design, the use of strong poles, will not easily bend, handle parts plus plastic operation more smoothly. -Refined stainless steel, rust-proof, cost-effective, durable.
Cerebral Stroke: Pathaphysiology and It's Management with Herbal Drugs by Kundan Bora ESTIMATED DELIVERY 3-12 business days FORMAT Paperback CONDITION Brand New DESCRIPTION This book has been written specially for postgraduate students of pharmacology and medical sciences. This book will help the researchers in the area of searching various targets for the management of cerebral stroke. As it is well known that stroke is the world's second leading cause of mortality, and considered the most common cause of disability in adults. The book contains eleven different major headings such as Introduction, Prevalence/ mortality, Symptoms and risk factors, Types of stroke, Pathophysiology of cerebral stroke, Current clinical applications, Antioxidants/herbal drugs and cerebral ischemia, Herbal drugs, Important plants/phytoconstituents used in cerebral stroke, Summary and conclusion and Bibliography. Author has tried to cover the entire spectrum of cerebral stroke, and up-to-date information on molecular mechanisms of cerebral stroke and its management with special reference to herbal drugs with latest references.
5. Buyer is responsible for return shipping cost.
Condition: Brand New Brand:TRANSINO MPN:NA Product size (width depth height): 50 mm 36 mm 158 mm Country of Origin: Japan Contents: 50 g
2.If there is any dissatisfaction, please email us before leaving any 1 or 2 ratings, negative feedback or open any ebay or paypal dispute. We will try our best to resolve the issues. Please give us the opportunity to resolve any problem. (PS. you may contact us by 'Ask a question'.)
Colombo Algisin Blanket Weed Destroyer is a powerful and reliable blanket weed treatment. After use, blanket weed will start to disappear within a few days. Within 14 days the pond will be free of blanket weed.
Any questions, please contact us through eBay message, We will reply within 1-2 business days (public holidays not included). Our working time: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 5:30PM (Beijing) The seller Name: Miss Liu City: Beijing State: Beijing Country: China Phone number: 86-13496528741
Treatment: Apply a low dose of red light during a 3 minute treatment session. The unit will shut down by itself. Used as either the sole treatment or as a supplement to existing treatments, BioNette provides relief for Rhinitis sufferers.
If you have any question or complain , just contact us freely
2.Due to the difference between different monitors,
Key Ingredients & Benefits:
YOU WILL GET TRACKING NO AFTER WE SHIP PRODUCT
( Please note we ship via USPS E-packet for the following countries: Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Great Britain, Hong Kong, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland
--Combine non free shipping items in shipping to save cost. Free Shipping items will be no further save on shipping fee even though they are shipped together with Non Free Shipping items.
We only accept payment by PayPal.
Abeeco has been a trusted NZ brand for over 20 years. The search for the finest natural ingredients takes us to the most remote and undiscovered parts of New Zealand and the quality and purity of these raw ingredients are the heart of all our products. We are the only authorised supplier of abeeco products on eBay. All legitimate products will be posted from NZ.
Durable herb grinder with 48 ultra sharp teeth shred dried herbs, tobacco or other dried plant material
please take a minute to give us a positive feedback,
Thanks very much for your great communication !!!
Please note: Buyer is responsible for important tax or any other related duties in your country. We are not covering any of such additional cost you may have to pay to the custom at your country. It is solely buyer's responsibility to check the potential additional duties before making a bidding activity.
You can use nCure on the go or at home. nCure is so small that it fits into any pocket or can be clipped onto a piece of clothing. Battery operated, comes with 2 coin batteries.
Description Easily grown in average, dry to medium, well-drained soils in full sun. Drought tolerant. Does well in poor, dry soils. New growth tends to emerge late in the spring. Plants are easily grown from seed, but are somewhat slow to establish and may take 2-3 years to produce flowers. Mature plants may freely self-seed in the landscape if seed pods are not removed prior to splitting open. Butterfly weed does not transplant well due to its deep taproot, and is probably best left undisturbed once established. How to sow: Season: Perennial Sowing: April to August Height: 60 - 80 cm Environment: Sun Water: Dry to Medium Others: Attractive to Butterflies
thank you for bidding
l We ship all goods within 24hours upon receipt of payment (except holiday and weekend).
Contact Us Our office hours are 9:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m (GMT 8) of Monday to Saturday. And our Office is closed on Sunday and public holidays. We apologize for the late reply during the holidays.
Step 3 - Water and Place in Warm Spot
Description: Item Name: Resin rhinestone Material: Resin How to use:Use adhesive to adhere to plastic, glass, fabric, wood, metal or whatever you like. It is ideal for decorating cell phones, nail art, car plates, ipad, fabrics, scrapbooks and many many more
Visit us at International Fairs:
We only accept payment via PayPal.
Specifications: Material: Aluminum Alloy Length: 88 X 21mm/3.46 X 0.83" Inner diameter 10mm/0.39" Color: Yellow
Delivery details We will arrange shipping for you in 1-2 business days after you pay.
Provides a beautiful decoration for your aquarium, also is an excellent hiding place for fish which adds extra fun to play.
For Free shipping I accept ONLY PayPal for payment. The payment is expected within 5 days after the auction ends.
2 Pieces Carp Fishing Rigs 1 Piece White Boilie Stopper 1 Piece Green Boilie Stopper
3.Returen shipping fee is to be paid by the buyers. We will not responsible for any custom duty or import tax.
Categories BABY BOOKS ELECTRONICS FASHION GAMES HEALTH & BEAUTY HOME, GARDEN & PETS MOVIES MUSIC SPORTS & OUTDOORS TOYS
If you have bought multiple items from me, you can send me one payment for all the items instead of paying for them individually. When you click the Pay Now button, eBay will automatically determine if there are other items you have won or purchased from me and will combine them for your review.
2. The item will be shipped from our warehouse located at New Delhi, India through India Post only.
Iron-On Instructions Spray water on back of patch Place patch on garment Set iron temperature on "cotton" Cover patch with a piece of damp cloth Iron for 30 to 40 seconds Turn garment inside out and iron until dry
The Powered Surgical Instrument / Speed 808 System is certified with the US FDA 510(k) Number:K132989
1.Defective items MUST BE reported and returned to us within the warranty period (and in the original packaging, if possible). You must tell us what the defect is and give us your eBay ID. WE DO NOT REPAIR OR REPLACE ITEMS WITH AN EXPIRED WARRANTY.
Color : Grass Green / Anodized ( A little difference is acceptable due to different screen monitor )
Please note the photo does not show the actual size, please refer to the detailed description, Color may vary slightly due to the color calibration of each individual monitor.
Description Specification Category: Rotation mophead Color: Purple/Red white/Pink white/Blue white/Grass white Material: Fiber
5. Within 7 days after receiving your products, we offers a no-hassle 7 day exchange/replace only if your items are found to be defective by manufacturer.
Step 4 - Watch Size and Transplant as Needed
Please submit payment within 7 days after the auction ends.
Picture doesn't show the real size, please check the size Before you biding. Any problems, welcome to contact us. Thank you!
For purchase below US$10 will ship by Standard Flat rate airmail without a tracking number.
Please leave us 5 star feedback. Your feedback is very important to us.
Barrel nut Thread spec. : 1-1/4-18 UNC
Item Condition:100% Brand New
--if you have any question ,please fell free to contact with me I will responds you within 24 hours ,We take the weekends off, so any questions sent then will be answered on Monday. Thanks for your patience! Please give me a chance before you leave the negative feedback.
Shipping Information Within USA
Please Contact us with any question or problem you might have. We will work together to decide weather a Replacement, Refund or a Repair process should be issued.
Contact us Feel free to contact us if you have any question
Any problem or dissatisfaction, please feel free to contact us by follows:
Winter and Autumn Scarf Women Shawls And Scarves Linen Cotton Scarf Warm Item Type: Scarves Material: Linen,Cotton Gender: Women Department Name: Adult Brand Name: xiangyihui Style: Fashion Pattern Type: Solid Scarves Length: 100cm-135cm Scarves Type: Scarf Model Number: su
We Accept PayPal Only. We hope to receive your payment within 7 Days
Mucuna Pruriens Extract 50% L-Dopa
Contributors Edited by Hak-Kim Chan, Philip Chi Lip Kwok
Dermatologist tested for safety, no animal testing
Package including: 1 X Rotation mophead
for it free .
Product Identifiers ISBN-10 1498758045 ISBN-13 9781498758048 eBay Product ID (ePID) 227651180
1. 12 months Warranty! 30 days money back! Buy with confidence!
I choose Economical transportation .Items usually takes 15-30days .
Our working time: Beijing time: Monday to Saturday 8:30 am to 5:30 pm. We do not work holidays in China. If you send email to us, In our working hours will be resumed within 24 hours. If you we are not satisfied with the product or service ,please contact me and don't give us negative or natural feedback, We must give you a satisfactory solution.
It's an improbable name, one that invites attention and giggles. But behind the light-hearted nickname stands a serious herb. The Chinese consider Horny Goat Weed, also known as Ying Yang Huo the premier libido-lifter for men and women, and top aid to erectile function in men. While the e t way that horny goat weed works remains unknown, the plant has long been employed to restore sexual fire, boost erectile function, allay fatigue and even alleviate menopausal discomfort.
1 x Carburetor for STIHL
In recent years, contemporary manufacturers of relic medals, holy plaques, saint statues and religious trinkets have begun to label their items as being ex indumentis even though they are not such; rather, they are merely pieces of cloth or canvas that have been touched to an actual relic of the saint,
Maca Root Extract 12:1 blended with Horny Goat Weed Extract 20% Icariin, Catuaba Bark Extract 20:1, Tongkat Ali Root Extract 200:1, Panax Ginseng Extract 80% Ginsenosides, Tribulus Terrestris Extract 40% Steroidal Saponins, L-Arginine 99.9%.
1 x Insulin cold box
Included: 1 X Tobacco Pipe Pictures
We only strive for 5 star positive feedback and will try our best to offer the best service to our buyer. Please email us before leaving negative feedback or open any dispute and please give us 2 business days to resolve the complaint to your satisfaction.
Payment We accept PayPal only.
the pictures may not reflect the actual color of the item. Payment Method
A fashion and useful accessory to make you beautiful.
angle layer, such as Gushing medicated lotion that leads to the firmness and clarity full of skin. suppresses the production of melanin and prevents freckles spots. If the liquid is dripping in
1. Due to the different monitor and light effect, the actual color of the item might be slightly different from the color showed on the pictures. Thank you!
Your feedback is important for us to grow our business on ebay. It is requested from you to please leave a feedback
- It's highly appreciated you leave us positive feedback and 5 star rating comments if you are satisfied with our service! If you are dissatisfied with item or have not received the items over 35 days, please contact us for solution, we will try our best to solve it. We must give you a satisfactory solution. - Your comment is very important in our business success. If you send email to us, In our working hours will be resumed within 24 hours. - Please feel free to contact us first before leave indifferent feedback or 1-3 star good feedback and open Case. we will try our best to solve your problem. Because we believe Anything can be resolved through communication. Thank you!
Import duties taxes and charges are not included in the price of goods or shipping charges. These costs is the responsibility of the buyer.
WITH TRACKING NUMBER TAKES 3-7 WORKING DAYS ONLY!!!
Black Real Leather Cord Pot Weed Leaf Charm 13" Choker Necklace Collares Gothic
PURPOSE : Supports Energy & Stamina
However for your peace of mind; if there is an acceptable reason, we will accept the purchased
--Size : 1 - 2 inches approx.
Customs regulations differ by country and not knowing their regulations can result in your order incurring high import duties, the delivery being delayed or even returned. Please check with your Customs office to see if your country permits the shipment of the products you are planning to order from us and if any additional licenses or permits are needed.
Pope John Paul II declared him "The Patron Saint of Our Difficult Century".
Herbadiet will not be liable for packages refused or held by customs for delivery. We request that you contact your customs office and ask about import regulations and restrictions before placing your order. It is important for you to become familiar with Customs policies for your specific country before ordering.
We use Selling Manager Pro. A Positive Feedback will be given to you automatically as soon as we receive a Positive Feedback from you.
Chewing Gum Smoking Pipe Rasta Weed Metal Tobacco Cigar Pipes Novelty Gift New Product Description Brand Unbranded Main Colour Green Material Plastic MPN Does Not Apply Features : Unique and funny chewing gun shape smoking pipe Durable and can be used repeatedly for a long tome Mini and pocket size,so it's portable for you to smoke outdoors Great gift for smokers Smoking Pipe Material: Plastic Smoking Pipe Color:Green Smoking Pipe Size: L W approx. 8.5 2 Dia approx. 2.5cm Package included: 1x Chewing Gun Shape Smoking Pipe Note:
Worldwide shipping (except Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macao, China, Guernsey, Luxembourg,and APO/FPO, etc )
Herbal supplement industry, due to lack of regulation, is filled with fake/sub quality products. I've seen companies on ebay misrepresenting their products as "high quality or organic" only to find out they are far from those statements. We have been in the health industry for over a decade and have our own extraction unit. Our extraction unit is GMP/Kosher certified. All our products complies to strict guidelines and we test all the products ourselves before putting them for sale. Health is a gift in life and it is our goal to assist everyone in the endeavor for optimal, healthy living.
Please Check Delivery Times in Description For Your Country..
Package included: 1x Fondant Cake Baking Mould
All purchases will be shipped within 24 hours after payment receives
Why buy from Infinite Shopping ? We are in business on ebay since 2006 All our products are Brand new, never used. Friendly Customer Service. Easy Return Policy. Timely and efficient shipping schedules. All our products are backed by our reputation with 14000 positive feedbacks on ebay. Guaranteed satisfaction or your money back. Payment Method We accept payments through verified paypal accounts. Make sure you have the correct and complete address on your paypal account.
1 x Barrel Nut Screw Allen Hex Wrench
All orders will shipped out within 5 business day after receiving your payment
If you bought multiple items, please send me one payment for all the items instead of paying them individually, when you click the pay
Buyers are responsible for the shipping cost for return item.
5. Payment must be made within 4 business days of auction closing.
We will replace items which are malfunctioning, for 30 days from the date you received.
Car mini refrigerator is a specifically for people who need to carry out the design of insulin;
USA 48 States, UK, Japan, Singapore: 16 to 18 days USA AK, PR, HI, Guam: 30 to 35 days Russia: 20 to 27 days Australia: 30 to 35 days Israel: 30 to 32 days Croatia: 27 to 30 days Spain, Poland, Netherlands: 20 to 22 days Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand: 20 to 22 days Ireland: 22 to 25 days UK Northern Ireland and British Isles: 30 to 32 days Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Bulgaria, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, Romania: 27 to 30 days Bosnia & Herzegovina, Estonia, Azerbaijan, Armenia: 30 to 35 days.
6 x Barrel Nut Screws
Tongkat Ali can help enhance male fertility with regard to higher semen volumes and sperm concentration. It is effective for increasing libido, and enhancing sexual performance.
Package Included: 1 Shisha hookah Payment Payment Method: We only accept PayPal. It is the only online payment method we accept.
3. Please allow 1-3cm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.
All our product are manufactured under strict quality norms. In case of any undesirable case if there is a problem with your purchase item, please contact us before leaving feedback so that we can resolve the matter on priority. If you are satisfied with our service and product please leave us positive feedback.
M 26.0" / 66cm 10.5" / 27cm
a.Standard shipping about 7-18 days ;
2. Please allow 1-3mm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.
100% Money Back Guarantee
If you have any problems or concerns whatever with your order or products, please message us and give us a chance to assist you before you leave any feedback. We believe we can produce a positive outcome to any situation and will work hard to earn your praise. If you were pleased with this transaction, Please give us 5 star rating, thanks!
the tank can take place easily with other little stuff,such as Coin,Jewelry,and so on. Made of high quality PS, PP materials.
5. Delivery time depends on destination and other factors; it may takes up to 20 business days.
We are committed to provide best shopping experience on eBay.Your FIVE STAR Rating is the best encouragement to us. If you have any questions, simply let us know through "MY MESSAGES" or "Ask Seller Q". Customer service is our top priority.If you are not satisfied, Please, do not leave neutral or negative feedback first. we are always prepared to offer our best service for you.so please contact us first so we can help you solve any problems in the proper way. Thank you and have a nice shopping day! Copyright (c) poshking5. All Right Reserved
Refrigeration humidity control range:28
Shipping Our Products are 100% Authentic We are located in Japan a suburban city of kyoto Very convenient place to find item information about Japan We sell Japanese goods here Thanks for looking!
or Airmail post within 1 business days.
We will leave POSITIVE FEEDBACK after receiving the payment. Please contact us if you are not satisfied with the item after receive it.
returnit within 30 working days for a replacement or money back, please contact us before you return it.
Description: Colombo Pond Care Algisin 25000L DE 2500ml
NON SYNTHETIC: This product contains zero synthetic ingredients. It is sourced and made from real plant material and contains zero lab made or synthetic ingredients.
4 Layers Design with Durable Chrome Finish
For Other Buyer : ship from China Warehouse. 2-3 weeks delivery.
Horny Goat Weed - 1500 mg Zinc - 4mg Siberian Ginseng - 375mg Bee Pollen - 250mg
- Simulation plastic lawn, measures 60x40cm/23.62x15.75inch (LxW). You can choose several pieces to join together to achieve the total size your need.
If you have any issues, please contact me !
Description Activated Vitamin B1 (Benfotiamine), Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin), Vitamin E (Tocopherol Succinate Calcium), In Addition To Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate To Promote The Synthesis Of Articular Cartilage Components, Herbal Having A Function Of Suppressing Pain And Inflammation Of Bowie (Bo>ss) Dry Extract Has Been Co-Blended. When The Will To Onomi, Work These Active Ingredients In Concert, Will Continue To Improve The Painful Joint Pain, Neuralgia Of The Knees.
Power:Home power supply;Car charging; USB
Color:Green Make your fish tank look natural and beautiful. Provide natural resting and hiding places for your smaller fish and invertebrates. Material: plastic (safety grade , no harmful to your fish) Size : 25 25 3.5cm (L W H) Consist of 100 samll grass ,delicated designed and manufactured ,creat beautiful scenery in your fish tank Includes : 1 Aquarium Landscape Note:Light shooting and different displays may cause the color of the item in the picture a little different from the real thing.The measurement allowed error is /-1-3 cm.
6x Spool Cap Covers 6x Springs Set is a great replacement for AFS Weed Eater GH400, GH500, CST1000, CST2000, ST7000, ST6600 & ST7700 models
2.If there is any delay,it may be caused by bad weather,irresistible force or custom inspection.
If you have any problems, we are very glad to help you. We rare handling large volume emails every day. Please allow us to reply your email within 24hrs.(not include Public holiday)
1.We ship to your eBay or Paypal address. Please make sure your eBay and Paypal address is correct before you pay.
Product Size: 11.2 2.1 2.3CM
-We only ship to the confirmed address provided by PayPal. Before you pay, please make sure your address in PayPal matches the address you would like us to ship to. If not, please let us know before we sent you the package, or we will not be responsible for any loss. hope you could understand. Pls note:Generally,we send the item out by airmail without tracking number.It usually takes 30-40 business days from my country to dear country. If USA customer buy the total amount is above USD5 for one order,I will send it by EUB with tracking number,it usually takes 15-20 business days from my country to dear country,if other country customer buy the total amount is above USD10 for one order,I will send it by standard shipping with tracking number.
3.Great appreciate for prompt payment. Unpaid item will be filed without receiving payment in 7 days after listing ended.
2. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal.
l If you have any other question please feel free to contact with us, we will try our best to give our valued buyer more comfortable services!
Please do not leave negative or neutral feedback if you haven't received item in 30 days, because we have mentioned the shipping time repeatedly.
Visit ShopAbout Happy Green FeedbackContact
Your feedback is important for us to grow our business on eBay, so please do leave feedback,
R E L I C Saint Maximilian Maria Kolbe, O.F.M. Conv., (Polish: Maksymilian Maria Kolbe; 8 January 1894 - 14 August 1941) was a Polish Conventual Franciscan friar, who volunteered to die in place of a stranger in the Nazi German death camp of Auschwitz, located in German-occupied Poland during World War II. Kolbe was canonized on 10 October 1982 by Pope John Paul II, and declared a martyr of charity.
4. Orders will be processed instantly and dispatched in 1 days, so normally we do NOT accept any email/message note after you place orders.
3pcs Tongue Ring Laser Cut Colorful Weed Stainless Steel Body Line Jewelry New
1.Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
3. As reliable seller with high credit ratings, we will try our best to offer better and better services, and give our best resolution.
Lightly pat around eye area, morning and evening.
- If the price is more than $15 Free Tracking Number -
The yucca plant will need to be kept indoors for at least two years. During this time the plant will begin to grow larger, and the roots will begin to grow deep into the pots that you have them in. Yucca roots do not like to be crowded, but will adapt to whatever situation they are in. However, your plant will have a much better chance of success if you keep the roots healthy and happy, so as it grows, you will need to keep transplanting it into progressively bigger pots.
2.Before delivery the items should full payment is settled.
3.Delivery time depends on destination and other factors;
Improves Neural Health Enhances Liver Health Might Boost Energy Levels Features:
Package included: 1 Silicone cigarette holder.
2.Items will be shipped within 1-3 business day when we received payment.
