Angelina's Welcome to Angelina's! At the end of this page is a PGP signed statement to indicate the authenticity of this page. Please save this .onion link for future reference. If a market goes offline, you will always be able to locate us here. PLEASE READ "SHIPPING NOTES" BELOW FOR IMPORTANT ORDERING DETAILS. SOME SHIPPING METHODS ARE UNACCEPTABLE FOR CERTAIN DESTINATIONS. YOU MAY BE ACCEPTING COMPLETE RISK OF LOSS BASED ON YOUR SHIPPING SELECTION OR DESTINATION. Hello Friends! We are an expert supplier of pharmaceutical products to nearly every country worldwide. Our network of shipping hubs enables us to supply most destinations reliably and safely. We can even ship - with high success - to some countries that have previously been impossible. Our business is based upon driving down the cost of supply and then passing savings on to you. We make heavy use of automation to get shipments on the way as fast and accurately as possible, typically 6 days a week. We have one of the highest feedback ratings among our direct competitors and the BEST reship guarantee available, which applies whenever ordering via an appropriate shiping method for your destination. In an effort to make your total cost as low as anywhere in the world (as far as we can tell), we also allow use of some inexpensive and untracked shipping methods. Because no delivery confirmation is offered with "Reg Mail" in most destinations, it is not possible to offer a reship guarantee with this method. This policy puts our feedback rating at risk from buyers who aren't paying attention while ordering, so please use it only if you understand the risk and don't intend to beat us up if there is a loss. We welcome bulk inquiries (1,000+) however are unable to accept inquiries for products not listed. We also welcome inquiries for affiliates. See you soon and don't hesitate to let us know if we can make your day better! Love, Team Angelina §§§§ --ITEM STATUS-- All products in stock, shipping normally. --PRODUCTS-- Viagra Cialis Levitra Tramadol Soma – Carisoprolol Modafinil - Modalert, Modvigil Amrodafinil - Waklert Orlistat - Xenical Lunesta Aanabol Testosterone Cypionate Seroquel (Quetiapine) 200mg Etizolam 1mg Clonidine 0.1mg Zofran (Ondansetron) 4mg Zofran (Ondansetron) 4mg + Clonidine 0.3mg Withdrawal Kit Listings are for the generics of the above products. If the specific generic brand is critical to you, please inquire. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --SHIPPING NOTES - READ AND AGREE BEFORE ORDERING-- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ★ ★ ★ A. MAKING YOUR SHIPPING SELECTION ★ ★ ★ WHERE IS YOUR ORDER GOING? The regular listings are use for the following countries: USA - EMS or Reg Mail UK, NORTHERN IRELAND - EMS, Reg Mail or EU Shipping AUSTRALIA - EMS or Reg Mail FRANCE - EMS only (can also use EU Warehouse) CHINA - EMS only JAPAN - EMS only HONG KONG - EMS only KOREA - EMS only SLOVAKIA - EMS only RUSSIA - EMS only SE ASIA/PACIFIC ISLANDS - EMS only POLAND - Reg Mail only* ISRAEL - Reg Mail only* SWEDEN - "SPECIAL" only when purchased from these listsings SWITZERLAND - "SPECIAL" only when purchased from these listsings The EU Warehouse listings are required for the following countries: AUSTRIA BELGIUM CANADA GERMANY NETHERLANDS NORWAY SPAIN SWEDEN SWITZERLAND EMS is very trackable in countries where it is recommended, delivery is 7-10 days on average. Shipping EMS with us includes a Reship Guarantee (details below). Reg Mail is not well tracked and thus NO refund/reship when using Reg Mail because delivery status is not reliably tracked. If you are averse to risk, spend a bit more to order EMS/Express. *The only exception to this is the above starred (*) countries where Reg Mail is the only viable option, in which case the Reship guarantee applies. "Special" shipping is a unique solution available on our regular listings which only applies to a small subset of destinations. It causes packages to route through an intermediate country. SE Post and SE Post Express are new shipping options available from the EU Warehouse and are the best method for destinations within the EU and Canada. "Special" shipping is no longer recommended for these countries as this is a better option. ★ NO GO LIST ★ IRELAND, ITALY, NEW ZEALAND, BRAZIL, DENMARK, SLOVENIA, ROMANIA, PORTUGAL, ESTONIA, CZECH REPUBLIC, UKRAINE, FINLAND Success rate of "no go" countries is low, below 70%, and packages are often lost. If you order anyways you must accept 100% responsibility and finalize payment immediately, otherwise we may decline your order. Select to ship from normal listings via SPECIAL shipping or EU warehouse and we will set up shipping to give the best possible chance of delivery given our experience with your country. Delivery timeframes range between 10 days and - unfortunately - never. NO reship, no refund of any kind when ordering to these countries. ---- ALL OTHER COUNTRIES NOT LISTED ---- Success varies and may be inconsistent, but please inquire! We probably have some experience. In the event of a loss for shipping EMS to any country not listed above, we will offer 50% refund in the event of a loss OR one reship. ---- IS A SIGNATURE REQUIRED?? ---- We do not request nor need a signature. HOWEVER, some postal services ask for a signature upon delivery anyways. This is not uncommon or a reason for concern. An ID should not be required but we cannot control this. This is a good reason to use a real name that is associated with your address. If you refuse delivery for any reason, a reship/refund cannot be offered. ★ ★ ★ B. ORDERING INSTRUCTIONS ★ ★ ★ 1. Double check your address, apartment number, and DON'T USE A FAKE NAME. -Errors with the address or name improve chance of a failed delivery or ability to collect the item if necessary. -We cannot accept Privnote.com or third party links to addresses. -Post the address to the Buyer Notes during checkout. If you forget, go back and add it to the order afterwards. -If shipping to a "No Go" country, be sure to include a note "I accept 100% risk of lost package" unencrypted in the buyer notes field of the order. 2. If you want a tracking number, please: -Put your valid PGP public key in your profile (if you need to learn PGP, search for a tutorial on Youtube) -We require that all tracking numbers are sent encrypted. -No tracking numbers can be sent unencrypted or with Privnote. 3. You must Finalize before shipping IF any of the following are true. If applicable, please finalize without prompting for the fastest service a) less than 5 deals on this market b) other vendors leave you negative feedback c) more than 10% of your orders were disputed Note that the option to FE becomes available after we have processed the order. !!!FINAL REMINDER AND WARNING!!! Orders to many countries have special considerations and require the proper selection of warehouse (regular or EU Warehouse) and shipping method. You may be accepting 100% of the risk of a loss by ordering. Please read our profile for complete details: http://jsbpbdf6bp6yrpio.onion/user.php?id=Angelina&tab=1 ★ ★ ★ C. TRACKING/RECEIVING YOUR ORDER ★ ★ ★ We post tracking numbers to the order under "Seller Notes" within 3-4 days ONLY IF you have a PGP public key in you profile. 1. Tracking is not recommended unless the order is significantly late, and never track over an unsecure connection. 1a. Delivery timeframes are ESTIMATES. No postal service provides international delivery speed guarantees, it cannot even be purchased. Customs inspection sometimes goes fast and sometimes goes slow. 2. Some delivery services ask for a signature upon delivery or send a note card asking you to pick up the order. This is not uncommon or cause for concern. An ID should not be required. We do not request nor need a signature. Do not forget that it is best practice that if asked, you do not know the contents of the package and you are unsure of the origin of the package. If you refuse delivery based on a request for signature we regret that we are unable to refund/reship. 3. When it arrives: If you haven't already, log in here to finalize the day of receipt and leave good feedback! 4. Best practice: Write a note on the package "Return to Sender" and leave it sitting for a few days. 5. Package still not arrived? See "Claiming your RESHIP GUARANTEE" below. For an informative article on why we recommend all of the above: http://darkwebnews.com/help-advice/legally-accept-drug-package-per-police-prosecutors/ ★ ★ ★ CLAIMING YOUR RESHIP GUARANTEE ★ ★ ★ Ok, something happened - Maybe the package hasn't moved in over two weeks. Fortunately, this is rare. 1. First, the last tracking entry must indicate the package is going into customs inspection - similar to "Package presented to customs", "Package provided to customs inspector", etc. Almost every package gets this message before the package enters a country, so it must remain in this state for 18 days (exception of Canda - must wait 45 days after placing order). Also, your country must not be one of the No-Go countries or restricted given your shipping method selection. If the last tracking notice indicates it cleared inspection and is moving around your country, this particular guarantee doesn't apply-see below for the exception. 2. Don't rush to dispute the order just because it is about to auto finalize or leave us negative feedback. Believe us, we want your package to arrive as much as you do. Unprovoked or premature negative feedback complicates things and will result in negative buyer feedback and a "distrust" rating. 3. Let us know whether you want a free reship OR to pay a bit more and upgrade your shipping method for the reship, OR a 50% refund to cancel the whole thing. 4. Prior to the reship going out, finalize your payment, leave us good feedback. We will then reship the order, provide new tracking number or send refund. The Exception: If your package is lost for a completely different reason (i.e. dog ate it, neighbor stole it from porch, you provided inaccurate/incomplete address) AND you've got some solid positive history (20+ orders) on your account, we will accommodate a significant discount on a reship. We regret to only be able to offer this for well established accounts because there are sadly too many scammers on the darkweb who would abuse our generosity. ★ ★ ★ FAQ ★ ★ ★ Q: Do you combine orders? A: Yes! Multiple simultaneous orders are automatically combined if possible and additional product is credited to the order to compensate for any savings in the final shipping cost. Combining is at our discretion based on the shipping method and destination. In some cases smaller parcels are much safer, in which case we will not combine. Q: Where do you ship from? A: We ship from several locations to maximize global delivery success. The origin will depend on your destination and shipping method. Orders placed from specifically marked EU listings always ship from within the EU. Q: My tracking status says "In Customs" A: That's OK! All packages entering a country will be inspected at the border. Almost every package, over 99%, pass through within a day or two. Some customs inpectors are charged with collecting a tax or duty on incoming packages, these countries may see a longer border hold as they are a revenue source. We only begin to worry after around 14 days have passed in this state with no further updates (exception: Canada, 20+ days is not uncomon). Q: Something went wrong with my order, compensate me or I'll leave bad feedback A: This market and most vendors consider this type of inquiry to be feedback blackmail. Please keep in mind that all vendors are going to extreme lengths to get your products to you as quickly and reliably as possible. Some aspects of delivery are 100% out of our control and sometimes humans make mistakes. We always follow the policies we've set and outlined here, and try to make things right. Q: Something is wrong with my order, but I'm reasonable and want to get it figured out! A: LET US KNOW! We do everything possible to fix any problem with an order. We may ask you to supply a photo if you received an incorect item or there is some other defect, please preserve all packaging and product. Q: Tracking says delivered but I don't have it! A: Please check with roommates, neighbors, anyone who could have it. In almost every case we learn that the item was found after some searching. You should be confident in the security of your mail and reliability of your postal serviceman. If your package is marked by the shipping service as "Delivered", "Undeliverable as Addressed", "No such person", "Addressee Unavailable", "Notice Left", "Forwarded", "Out for Delivery", "Available for Pickup", "Bad Address/Returned to Sender" we must rely on these statements. If your trust rating on the site is high we can often reship for a significant discount. Q: Product is not working for my intended purpose. Product is FAKE! Product is not working! A: We take these types of inquiries very seriously even though they are the most difficult for us to assess. There are a near infinite amount of possible reasons that we're not equipped to diagnose or resolve, so regrettably we cannot reship or refund if there are concerns about effectiveness. Keep in mind that even medical doctors are not permitted to prescribe themselves medications in most countries because they cannot effectively self-diagnose. You should consider waiting a few days, and then trying a tab from another blister under different conditions. You may find that you notice different results. Q: Where does the product come from? A: The products we sell come from a large and high end distributor to hospitals and clinics, the products are manufactured in hundred-million-dollar facilities, licensed by the Indian FDA, Singaporean FDA, and others, each of which are considered to meet some of highest stringency standards in the world. We have the highest confidence in the authenticity of our products. ★ ★ ★ OUR STEALTH ★ ★ ★ We hear a lot about stealth. It shows up in our feedback, both good and bad. We are always learning, improving, and of course stealth means nothing if the package doesn't arrive. Here's what probably matters the MOST to you: we make it a point to ship nothing that is considered high priority by the inspectors. In the very rare case that an item is found, the worst we have ever heard of is a letter being sent to the recipient. If this happens, we reship free. There simply are no resources at customs offices to chase down the receivers of the products and volumes we offer. Customs inspectors at entry points are trained to look for efforts at concealment, and x-ray systems and other techniques can void almost any effort by the shipper. If a package is selected for deep inspection, the contents have probably already been revealed. For most countries, opening a package requires the inspector to fill out a lot of paperwork, so it takes a lot of work to start and you can be sure any concealment inside would be defeated. We have learned that unnecessary wrapping and concealers cause a higher than average selection rate for inspection. Becuase of this, we use basic protective wrapping and nothing else. Rattling sounds that are made when shaking a parcel have no effect on the rate of selection for further inspection. First, no postal worker has time to rattle every package in a noisy distribution center. Also, many legitimate packages make a sound when rattled. Pick up any box at a toy store and shake it. Suspicious? Not at all. This is a good thing, because the effort to masking all rattling would require removing and repacking every single tab from their manufacturer blister pack. Not something you or I want to do! Alternate contacts: Grams: http://grams7enuazq4uxl.onion/vendor/Angelina That's all for now, thanks again! Angelina AngelinaComms PGP public key Statement on validitity is located below the following key. -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK----- mQENBFjLXZgBCADSpj9Xw/txIhit8tUmje2qH/BglUTWva64lnyHub/9LZ6rYq/j cbGzahSXSxxH55vG91bPfx3/ksfesRUILPXMOMC/AeRLfj1xxSVwNZ5SdPJRJ+q5 mcER9YslwxuOEYCJqyQxKHzDvoIcmXiZrg1XsuRo03v+3F6RYjH7YHU9i0LMqaSo 5o6Vu5/vMOH8CSyzQCx6X1JKz148fvpN68n7vPoIo52cEgwNBZ9DUJmTpKPbf06c PGKdGSJq7/sxMIe2idIyLKEGd5umAaa8xOruAGPm6XSsjtSW0uWFcLM1J5MATnyd U/LyL6FHVJ/dNvtKAVwO1zunfKFxIEnIfhNhABEBAAG0IEFuZ2VsaW5hQ29tbXMg VjIgPEFuZ2VsaW5hQ29tbXM+iQE3BBMBCgAhBQJYy12YAhsDBQsJCAcDBRUKCQgL BRYCAwEAAh4BAheAAAoJEERTS1FRrVlEpmAH/3oTIb2aNx1wsB+/qXZi6CrP5FbD nxj4tPMmfqWFvQiitGYMnjNdsFyk+2lCmdPFPrGOevaK0vVQ+42VgrNK29WGgsqC 6wP7nPOIOP+bykpWPzRVV0C04CAGaelYFkHLhsklfZuqRKZ7zarSTf+MKgUdbxij JzmPMapOq7UTB2l7tTupJCFp8ujCzKk+1b46S3LZuagxRPHI14e04H8ufVEnQycL yPspFtWvA/L5QV6wO5M1JnmK62ZeOqmQeGLLdUvijEGTDAIQn4E9Rn9bdHE8qXBD AX3zNRSQw97BoiPcmNYTauk1bqxPtJMo6n6DId8RZJ9Nktx4DtAw82ok/nG5AQ0E WMtdmAEIALxA6fLMXdcYw05/CTLuJKFqaVv6x43R60GcwV/EZaotXstTVy23abfr AtmRXVGz6Aqn9QuOcOC5+s19pqa9CGKvaD7jEWhOn7mdaYcPYE1iVU8Oth7NYaQk nd0Mu5CSWhofZ1sCESHfw++wH9JyP/gFH6PtPOMAXYSePE3qCfAAtFkmMSKyZ+nP k4Kwec76MC7c+grIj19RflT22/vCWP2Pi0Duc4iI+j4gsGYYjTc28qPiFymib7ZI 3FA2T9gQ4NuMbV3YSkIlynFdIeVXeIT8X6WjrC3b+vXpDfH1iDwXR0BUppMpMJv7 ZjimcQUqf8DOGK+Cawemn9P08BlwbkUAEQEAAYkBHwQYAQoACQUCWMtdmAIbDAAK CRBEU0tRUa1ZROxxB/4nEBNIQ3BqNGiN5D5cMfg99MrIECBywJczQA/aV0JW3CdD nsgX3nSswJw7HljtU9KYZTj57Lcq1j94e3DUtJnybOq5HXnqIGIbciJ/ZQwh2iDA NIGpN2OeGjZ19swz9jDawVmd7RORUq0mBQJD8lHbDCiq9zqFKO2HiWh5Sa5G+i7f VPsBJY87D2f/HogvqjaTYLNj3JQBWbES8rWe/jMsBgCQl1pUyrW4L7Q4638sE06u yAlgoY6R/+pGZLL5n8ZhJHn0EBI7aOmiYtl4RHSMWuxi70Ee5PYuAt9cMRmvXPJ1 2g7Ug5wdXcf8BbUwkrwhoEyxbOmqW5n6zwKC9V3N =3htp -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK----- ★ ★ ★ Authenticity Statement for above AngelinaComms PGP public key ★ ★ ★ -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA512 This message is signed with the primary Angelina PGP private key to validate it's authenticity. The "AngelinaComms" public PGP key with KeyID: 44534B5151AD5944 Public Subkey KeyID: A265DBA73A96A8A9 is valid for communications as of 2017-03-17. You can check the fingerprint after importing the above public PGP key. -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- iF4EAREKAAYFAljLYC0ACgkQb56BrOvK6mQmLwEAiYOh5g5qjfnLIxjwOPoNm3o9 Uq8cURLLTmr5r2WIB5EBAJD5qtnhxAGHSfhcl+qFZE8mKlUqh67vDvYFKoaStCCT =PpBF -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----