Home :: Violet Indigo's - Lost Garden Toggle navigation The Lost Garden About Us PGP FAQ News The Hub Reviews Carriers of the Light Gallery ฿ = $2610 USD ≡ Cart (0) Send Messages ≡ Anonymous Login Register For your own security, we highly recommend you to disable Javascript while browsing anonymously. Greetings I am VioletIndigo, and you have found our Lost Garden. Driven and Innovative, a USA Based Bulk distributor of the finest LSD-25 Crystal(and products) available. Hosting a list of products from Custom blotters/WoW, Microdots, Vials and more. All of our items are unique in the fact they have security features that show you have REAL 'Violet Indigo' gear. Such features such as unique blotter production techniques and other methods of 'signing' the blotter and other products. Read more. Categories Crystal LSD » JoR #11 (Retail OOS) JoR #12 (Available Now) JoR #10 (Retail OOS) Colored Blotters » Time Space, Cosmic Being - JoR #12.3 105-110ug MDMA Pills » Current Sales! » SALE- JoR #12.3 Crystal SALE- JoR Source A MDMA Raw SALE - Time Space, Cosmic Being - JoR #12.3 105-110ug SALE - White Rupee w/ Opal Glitter ( Microdots ) - JoR #12.3 105-115ug JoR Source A MDMA » Custom Product Creation » Custom Microdot's Custom Blotter's Bulk Menu Listing's » Bulk Crystal Menu 10g + Featured Items: Bulk Menu Listing's Bulk menu area Consisting of unique price menu's offering the sharpest available prices for the given items listed.You will find here Bulk Crystal 10g and above listings View More Colored Blotters Below is our Currently available Blotter Arts. Custom Lays: Are available and encouraged. View More Crystal LSD JoR Series and Exclusive LSD Crystals provided by us! We offer The full available range of the JoR Crystal Series, and Exclusively the JoR Crystal series. We seek... View More Current Sales! This Catagory Will always be changing week to week, depending what new special sales we are offering to the community! Photo for this Catagory will change to show case what ever item is currently... View More Custom Product Creation This catagory lists our various available product production services. This is the full range of item's we are currently willing to produce upon custom request. View More JoR Source A MDMA JoR Source A Raw ListingsUSA>USA Only Please. Limited Availability(when its gone its gone)28g- 45$/g @ 1260$14g- 50$/g @ 700$7g - 60$/g @ 42... View More site by the typeface team 2016